Chapter 139

Chapter 139
Chapter 139: Warring Premonitions</h3> <hr/>
“You’re clear, Nico. Hurry!” I whispered, looking over my shoulder in case someone passed by, since seeing two adolescent boys huddled up in front of a house door only spelled trouble.
“Just stay on guard, Grey. I think I’m close to unlocking it,” my dark-haired companion hissed back as he worked on the doorknob.
I watched in doubt as Nico fumbled with the hairpins he had stolen from one of the older girls into the keyhole. “Are you sure you can open it?”
“This is,” he said impatiently through gritted teeth, “a lot harder than that guy at the alleyway made it seem.”
Suddenly, the doorknob clicked and both our eyes brightened. “You did it!” I exclaimed in a loud whisper.
“Bow down to my powers!” Nico proclaimed, holding up the colorful hairpin he had used to pick the lock high in the hair.
I smacked him on the shoulder and pressed my finger to my lips. Nico shoved the hairpin back in his zippered pocket and nodded at me before we tiptoed in through the wooden door.
“And you made sure that the owners are out today?” I verified, scanning the meticulously furnished house.
“I scanned this house last week. Both the husband and wife go out at this time and don’t come back for another hour or so. We have plenty of time to grab a few things and go,” Nico answered, his eyes scanning for anything of value that we can stuff into a bag.
Letting out a deep breath, I reasoned to myself that it was necessary. Stealing from someone—however rich they were—didn’t sit right with me, but I had overheard the conversation between the orphanage headmaster and those government people. I was only able to hear a few comments but it seemed like our orphanage was in danger because we didn’t have enough money.
“This should be enough,” Nico nodded as we both looked inside the backpack we had brought.
“Now how are we going to get money for this?” I questioned. “We can’t exactly give Headmaster Wilbeck all of this jewelry.”
“Way ahead of you,” he smirked. “I found a guy willing to pay cash for anything he finds interesting.”
“And this ‘guy’ is okay buying off two twelve-year-olds?”
“He doesn’t ask questions, I don’t ask questions. Simple as that,” Nico shrugged as we headed out the door.
Taking the back route toward the back end of the city, we blended in with the crowd of people walking along the cracked sidewalk. Keeping our heads low and paces brisk, we veered left into an alleyway. Weaving through the piles of trash and stacked boxes of who knows what, we stopped in front of faded red door protected behind another gated metal door.
“We’re here,” Nico spoke as he motioned for the bag. Slipping it off my shoulders and handing it to him, my friend knocked the door four times in an unfamiliar rhythm.
Slicking his black hair and puffing his chest out, he let out a couple coughs and narrowed his eyes to appear more intimidating—as intimidating as any scrawny ten-year-old can be, anyway.
After a few seconds, a rangy old man in a worn-out suit came out from the other side of the red door. He stared down at us from behind the metal gate with a scrutinizing eye.
“Ah, the rather persistent child. I see you brought a friend,” he said, unwilling to open the gate.
Nico let out another cough to clear his voice. “I’ve brought some items you might have interest in.”
My friend spoke in a deeper tone than normal, but surprisingly, it didn’t sound fake. He opened the drawstring bag in his hands to show the lanky, narrow-eyed man a peek at some of the jewelry we had just stolen.
Raising a brow, the man unhinged the lock on the gate, opening it slightly with a shrill creak. As he scanned the area around us, he bent down to examine the bag. “Not a bad collection. Did you steal this from your mother, perhaps?”
“No questions, remember?” Nico reminded, tightening the string to close the bag. “Now can we come in and discuss prices?”
The thin man looked around once more with suspicion in his eyes but eventually let us in. “Close the door behind you.”
As we arrived inside the dainty shop, a thick layer of smoke greeted us. From the other side of the room, two men were puffing out clouds of smoke, each with a cigarette between their fingers. While the dense cloud of grey covered much of their facial features, I could at least distinguish their general shapes. One of the men was burly—muscles clearly displayed underneath his tank top. The other man was much more round, but with thick, firm limbs that showed he wasn’t any weaker than the other man.
“Come, children. Let’s get this over with,” the thin man said as he scratched his unshaven cheeks.
Nico and I exchanged glances but only he went up to the counter as I looked around the shelves displaying various books and gadgets.
After a few minutes, my gaze fell on a thin, tattered book. From the few words I could make out from the spine of the book, it seemed to be a rather old instruction manual on ki. Gingerly removing it from the shelf, the first thing that struck me was that half of the front cover had been ripped off.
My first instinct was to put it back; after all, the orphanage had books in much better condition on core developing for ki use. However, my fingers seemed to move on their own as they flipped through the pages. Inside it were pictures and diagrams of a person in different poses with arrows and other lines around the figure. I wanted to take it with me and was half tempted to ask for the price, but I held myself back. This book was a luxury when we needed the money to save our home.
As I continued my attempt at discerning the vague instructions, I lost interest, and my eyes kept falling back on the two men playing cards on the foldable table. The two had been taking glances at Nico as he and the shop owner did business. I buried my face in the old book, taking a peek from behind the pages. I wasn’t sure what they were up to, but I didn’t want to stay long enough to find out.
Fortunately, Nico had just finished his transaction and approached me, flashing a quick smirk before putting his stoic face back on.
“Did you find something interesting?” he asked, eyeing the book in my hand.
“It’s nothing,” I said, quickly putting the thin, coverless book back on the shelf.
“You can take it if you want,” the rangy store owner said from behind as he leaned his elbow on the front counter. “No one knows how to read it and it’s just been collecting dust here.”
“Really?” I asked, suspicion surfacing on my face.
He revealed his abnormally white teeth in something akin to a smile as he nodded.
Without another word, I quickly tucked the book in the bag and murmured a thanks to him. As Nico and I left the store through the back door we had entered from, my friend unzipped his jacket and showed me the wad of crinkled cash.
“See, I told you it’d all work out,” he beamed.
“I guess so,” I replied, still skeptical about this whole endeavor. I felt bad for the couple who lived there but I comforted myself in the fact that we didn’t take much of their jewelry. Nico explained that only taking a few items might make them suspicious, but they’d be hesitant in calling authorities for potential theft.
Also, since the married couple that lived there were well past their retirement age, the cops would most likely assume that they had just forgotten or misplaced the items. I let out a relieved sigh as we made our way back to the orphanage. The further we were away from the scene of the crime, the better I felt.
“What did I even come here for, Nico?” I asked, dodging people as we walked down the street. “Feels like you did this all on your own.”
“Hey, you got a free book out of this, right?” Nico patted my shoulder. “Besides, it’s more fun—”
“We’re being followed,” I cut in, whispering as I continued looking ahead. I had felt two pairs of eyes practically boring a hole in my back almost as soon as we had left the shop, but since we were going straight, I didn’t want to assume. However, I had been able to catch glimpse of one of the guys, and I instantly recognized him as one of the smokers from the shop.
“This way,” Nico ordered in a hushed tone.
As we reached the outskirts of the city, we took a right into an alleyway, hopping on top of a trashcan to reach the other side of the locked fence.
I landed nimbly on my feet as Nico clawed out at the fence to keep from losing balance as he fell to his feet. Quickly, we ran down the old alley that smelled like a mixture of rat turd and rotten eggs. Hiding behind a particularly large pile of trash, we waited.
Soon, two pairs of footsteps could be heard, growing louder as they approached.
“Little rats made it easy for us,” a hoarse voice snickered.
“A fitting grave for them,” a gravelly voice replied.
“It’s the two men from the shop!” Nico cursed as he quickly hid behind the trash again after taking a peek.
“I knew it,” I clicked my tongue as my eyes began scanning for anything I could use as a weapon.
“They’re probably here to either get the shop owner’s money back for him, or to steal it for themselves,” Nico deduced, clutching the money in his jacket tightly.
Suddenly, a darkened figure leaped out from the other side of the pile of trash we were hiding behind, casting a giant shadow over us.
“Surprise!” the barrel-chested thug exclaimed with a sinister grin.
“Run!” I screamed at Nico, pushing my friend forward.
He had no time to retort as he briskly made his way down the narrow alleyway darkened by the tall buildings around us.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
As the muscular man swung his beefy hand, I back-stepped out of reach. The sharp air from the force of his strike tickled my nose as I immediately reached down and swung a broken plank I had spotted on the floor just below his ribs.
The burly man buckled, more from surprise than pain. I used that chance to bolt toward Nico, who was getting chased by the burly thug’s round companion. But before I could get there, the man smacked Nico to the ground, knocking the wind out of my friend.
As Nico gasped for breath, the pumpkin-bodied goon lifted his right leg over my friend’s body.
“Over here, pig!” I roared, hoping the provocation would make him turn.
“Whaddya say?” the thug snarled, turning around to face me.
I didn’t stop running as the brawny thug approached from behind. My mind whirled, thinking of possible ways to get out of this situation despite how hopeless it seemed.
My eyes darted around until they fell onto the sight of a loose nail stuck inside a brick of a building’s wall nearby, about almost three meters off the ground.
Cursing once more under my breath, I feigned to my right just before the musclehead behind me could make a grab. Sidestepping without even glancing back, I leaped up, hoping to reach the nail.
As my body shot up, for some reason, everything around me turned silent. The world around me slowed as I could hear my heart thumping erratically, as if every other noise had been tuned out.
I realized mid-jump that I wouldn’t be able to reach the nail, but I was surprisingly calm. My peripheral view all came into focus as if I was looking at everything around me all at once. Utilizing a deep crack in one of the lower bricks, I sprung myself off to reach the rusted nail.
As I pried out the nail, I pushed off the wall with my feet to accelerate towards the hefty thug. I could slowly see the man’s expression change from surprise to grim concentration. I could clearly see his right arm about to intercept my attack somehow, just from seeing the twitch in his right shoulder.
I used my free hand to vault off of his right arm as it formed an arc toward me. In that same instant, I jabbed the nail in my hand directly into his eye—even feeling the sensation of the tip burying itself inside.
At the shrill howl of the chunky goon, the world came back to normal. I tumbled gracelessly into a pile of old boxes as my opponent frantically clawed at his face, too afraid to go near the nail in his left eye.
“Come on,” I urged, pulling the wide-eyed Nico back up to his feet. I looked back once more to spot the muscular thug trying to tend to his friend’s injury to no avail.
Out of breath and sweating out of every pore in my body, we collapsed behind a local convenience store just outside the city.
As we leaned against the wall, too tired to care about how many drunks and homeless people vomited and peed here, Nico ripped off his jacket and lifted up his shirt to cool himself off.
“That is what you came here for,” he panted, smacking my thigh. “Oh man, if only you could’ve seen yourself, Grey! Your body flew around like those kings fighting in duels!”
I shook my head, still trying to catch my breath. “I don’t know what I did. Everything just started moving really slow.”
“I knew you had it in you!” my friend breathed. “Remember that time Pavia dropped all those dishes next to you?”
“Yeah. I caught them, why?”
“You caught three dishes and two bowls, Grey!” Nico exclaimed. “And you weren’t even paying attention when she had dropped them.”
“I mean, catching something is one thing, but that has nothing to do with fighting,” I argued, sagging further down against the wall.
“You’ll realize soon,” he replied, too tired to keep disputing. “Now let’s go, I don’t want to be doing extra chores for being out past sundown!”
“Let’s go,” I agreed, jogging alongside him.
We arrived at the old, two-story house that served as the orphanage just a bit before dinner—plenty of time to wash up and be on-time without looking suspicious. Nico slowly opened the back door, wincing as the old hinge began creaking. Keeping the lights off, we tiptoed down the unlit hallway, and just as we were about to reach our rooms, the orphanage's headmaster’s clear voice called out from the living room.
“Grey, Nico. Can you come here for a moment?” she said in a quiet yet frighteningly stern voice.
Nico and I traded glances, fear evident in both of our eyes. Nico quickly threw his jacket and drawstring bag into the room and closed back the door.
“Do you think she already found out?” I whispered.
“I’d normally say it’d be impossible, but it’s headmaster we’re talking about,” Nico replied, his normally confident demeanor shadowed by dread.
We arrived in the brightly lit living room, our clothes dirty and our hair and face unruly.
Sitting in perfect posture on the couch was our headmaster, an elderly woman all the kids called the Sorceress. Just next to her was a girl about our age with dusty brown hair that fell over her shoulders and a creamy complexion. She wore a luxurious red dress that not even the money we had just acquired could purchase.
The headmaster regarded us with a raised brow but didn’t question our disheveled state. Gently grabbing ahold of the unfamiliar girl’s tiny hand, the two of them walked toward us.
As the two approached, I couldn’t help but shiver at the cold, emotionless eyes of the girl as she lifted her gaze to match mine.
“Grey. Nico.” The headmaster nudged the brown-haired girl softly. “I’d like you two to meet Cecilia. You three are the same age, so I hope you can show her around and become friends.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
My eyes opened as if I had just blinked, yet it felt like I had been sleeping for days. I sat up in my bed, a mixture of feelings weighing down my shoulders.
‘Why was this memory coming to me again after so long?’ I thought. My insides twisted in guilt at the thought of Nico and Cecilia.
“Is everything all right?” Sylvie asked, curled up in her miniature form at the foot of my bed.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” I lied, running my fingers through my long, messy hair that now passed my chin.
The dream had been so clear and accurate that it had felt like I was back on Earth in my previous life.
I remained dazed, unable to get out of bed, when someone knocked at the door of my room.
“Come in,” I answered, thinking it was either my parents or my sister. However, a man that appeared to be in his late twenties, dressed in black clothes underneath a thin leather armor used by scouts, came in. He dipped his head in a respectful bow before relaying a message.
“General Leywin, the meeting place of the Alacryan messenger has been decided. Commander Virion has asked me to inform you to get ready to meet with the messenger along with him and Lord Aldir.”
“Got it. I’ll be out in ten minutes,” I replied, getting out of bed.
“Shall I send over a maid to help you get ready?” he asked.
I shook my head. “No need.”
“Very well.” The man left after another bow, closing the door behind him.
After quickly washing up, I tied back my hair at the crown of my head, leaving my bangs to fall just past my forehead. With my hair tied neatly and my body clothed in a fine white tunic trimmed with gold to compliment the dark mantle I wore over it, I looked like a very dashing noble. I was still unused to the tightness of the pants in this world but I had to admit that it offered great mobility and freedom when fighting.
“A rather dapper appearance for one about to fight in a war,” Virion remarked as I approached him and Aldir with Sylvie right beside me. While Aldir’s wardrobe practically lit up from the amount of gold and gems it contained, Virion wore a simple black robe as he was still in mourning over Director Cynthia’s murder.
“Thanks,” I winked, smoothing my sleeve.
Only a few days had passed since that day, but Virion appeared to have aged a century during that time.
By the signature black metal spike jutting out of Cynthia’s chest, it was obvious that the assassination was done by one that possessed the powers of the Vritra Clan. It was unlikely that an actual clan member had performed the attack since that would jeopardize the no-asura agreement in the war, but that didn’t mean one of their descendants couldn’t have done it.
The only question that ate at my—and Virion’s—mind was how they had done it. According to the guards and the nurse in her care, nobody had seen anyone leave or enter the floor and the door that had been closed and locked hadn’t been tampered with either. Everything but one fact remained a mystery; that somehow, the Vritra was involved.
“The ships are about a day away from reaching our shore, Arthur. Are you ready to meet this messenger?” Virion asked.
“Are you ready?” I asked back, genuinely concerned. “You’re not going to kill the messenger, right?”
Revealing a faint smile, Tessia’s grandfather shook his head.
Aldir stepped forward in front of the glowing teleportation gate. “Good, then let us depart.”


Chapter 140

Chapter 140
Chapter 140: Ultimatum</h3> <hr/>
Scenes of the memories I thought I had forgotten flashed in my head at every blink, haunting me in broad daylight as we prepared to make our way to the designated location where we would meet with the messenger.
‘Are you okay, Arthur?’ Sylvie’s concern touched my mind.
‘I’m fine, Sylv. Other than the fact that you call me by my name now,’ I replied, scratching her small ears.
‘Grandfather said that it’s important that I uphold the dignity of the dragons.’ My bond held her tiny snout up high, she sauntering beside me as we came out of the teleportation gate that Aldir had conjured.
We just had arrived near a small fishing town called Slore more than a dozen miles south of Etistin.
‘Well, I can’t say you weren’t cuter before when you used to call me “Papa,”’ I smirked.
‘Don’t worry. I still see you as my papa!’ she comforted, rubbing her side against my leg as we walked.
“I still don’t feel right about doing this meeting without any backup,” Virion said warily.
We were in a small clearing on a rise just above the town of Slore. The occasional moist breeze carried with it a strong smell of the sea, making me sticky despite the frigid air.
“If this messenger has the audacity to act against us, I will have every right to intervene,” Aldir assured, a slight smirk appearing from his lax expression as his single opened eye stared straight ahead.
“With the way the Vritra’s side has been planning everything—breeding asura half-bloods, creating mutants with our continent’s mana beasts, and now the ships—I can’t imagine how long Agrona has been planning this. And I can’t shake the feeling that this war is more of a game to him than some passionate endeavor.”
“If Agrona was so easy to predict, he never would’ve gotten this far,” Aldir acknowledged reluctantly. “Since he, like all the other asuras residing in this world, is prohibited to participate in this war directly, he’s been coming up with ways to go around that by being the almighty hand that moves his chess pieces—at least for his side.”
“And who is the almighty hand that moves the pieces for our side?” Virion asked with a raised brow.
“You are the one leading this war, are you not?” Aldir reminded.
Virion shrugged skeptically. “That’s what I tell myself at night.”
“All right,” I intervened. “Is this the meeting place?”
“Of course not,” Virion let out a sigh, tying back his long white hair.
“This is the farthest I can take us before we traverse to our real destination,” Aldir clarified. “Our destination is in the middle of the ocean.”
“Lead the way,” I gestured.
Aldir’s feet slowly rose from the ground as a milky aura covered both him and Virion. Soon, the aura lifted Virion into the air as well. Virion’s lips shut tight as every muscle in his body tensed like a cat picked up by its scruff.
As the two of them shot up above the clouds, Sylvie suddenly scampered towards the edge of the cliff.
‘Jump!’ Sylvie chirped as she suddenly leaped off the edge.
Without a second thought, I followed my bond. As I propelled myself up off the steep edge, I took the time to admire the hawkeye view of the bustling town directly below me.
Just as my body began to descend, Sylvie’s massive figure appeared below, scooping me up from the air with a snap of her powerful wings. I patted the base of her long, black neck as we sped through the clouds.
‘Sylvie, did you gain weight?’ I joked, spotting the two tiny figures of Aldir and Virion ahead of us.
‘That joke is getting old, you know,’ Sylvie grumbled.
‘Not to me.’ I let out a refreshing whoop at the top of my lungs that was blown away by the harsh wind slicing against us as we sped faster.
Sylvie stayed a few dozen meters behind Aldir as we surfed the top of the clouds. This far up in the sky, the only sound that could be heard was the sharp whistle of air around us, making the journey peaceful despite the purpose of our trip.
As I stared in a daze at the blue and white scene around us, my mind wandered back to Epheotus after I had just finished my training. The brusque king of asuras had wanted to see me before I headed back to Dicathen. That was the second encounter I had had with Lord Indrath, and also the moment I realized who Myre was.
The elderly asura that had healed me and taught me how to read spells using Realmheart had been seated right next to the stone-faced Lord Indrath with an amused grin on her now-youthful face.
As I stood speechlessly with my mouth ajar, Lord Indrath beckoned me with a simple, “I’m sure you remember my wife, Myre.”
Needless to say, the meeting hadn’t gone as I had thought it would. For one, Lord Indrath had been much less critical this time compared to the first time we had met; he’d even—barely—acknowledged my improvement, although he had added that if I hadn’t learned with Myre’s help, then I would’ve been a lost cause.
Before leaving, Lord Indrath had left me with one piece of advice. What was odd was that he had activated his aether ability, freezing time for everyone present—even his wife—except for the two of us. As I stared blankly at the king of the asuras as Myre, Sylvie, and the guards remained static, he had left me with a cryptic message:
‘It’s wisest to close your heart to the elf princess’
That was all he had said before withdrawing his powers and having the guards escort Sylvie and me back to Windsom and Wren who were waiting for us outside.
‘We’re almost here,’ Sylvie announced, snapping me back to the present.
Aldir and Virion had stopped above the clouds, waiting for us to catch up.
“I’m sure I don’t need to say this to you but I will anyway. No one knows how much the Vritra actually know so it’d be wise to keep your true strength hidden during this meeting.” Aldir’s voice rang uncomfortably in my ear as if he was whispering right next to me.
“What about Sylvie?” I shouted, unsure if Aldir would even hear me.
“Lady Sylvie will have to transform back into her miniature from,” Aldir answered. “I will carry you down, Arthur.”
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
‘I’ll lay low for now, but I’m not going to stay hidden during the war. If I want to protect you, it’ll be so with you on my back,’ Sylvie declared as she turned into her white fox form.
Not long after I began free-falling, Aldir dipped underneath Sylvie and me, wrapping us in the same aura that was covering Virion.
As we fell beneath the layer of clouds below us, plummeting through the blanket of white, the moisture in the air dampened our clothes, until we spotted the shimmering ocean gently rippling in all directions.
Despite the phenomenal view of the never-ending stretch of water, my gaze instantly focused on the dark specks littered across the ocean to my right. About a few dozen miles north, I could see the fleet of Alacryan ships heading toward the shore near Etistin City, the capital of Sapin.
‘Look below,’ Sylvie pointed out. Floating on top on of the ocean was a pitch-black platform about the size of a small house.
As we descended just a few dozen meters above Virion and Aldir, I could make out two small figures that had blended in with the platform they had been standing on from afar.
Suddenly, a shiver ran down my spine. Every hair on my body stood on end, and I could feel my heart beating faster the closer we arrived toward the platform.
“They’re there,” I said aloud to no one in particular. “But I don’t think they’re ordinary messengers.”
Arriving atop the platform with a soft landing, the three of us with Sylvie behind me walked toward the center, my jaws clenching at the sight of the two supposed messengers.
By the familiar pale grey skin tone and striking red eyes, I knew they had to be part of the Vritra Clan.
“Welcome to our humble abode,” the taller of the two sneered, his lanky arms spread wide open.
Virion narrowed his eyes. “We assumed that we’d be meeting with a messenger. That position seems to be beneath both of you.”
“I’m flattered, but at this moment we are mere messengers!” he replied with an exaggerated smile while his companion remained silent.
Examining the two Vritras separately, despite their ancestry and blood, the two couldn’t be more different. The one on my left stood just a bit taller than me with a ramrod straight posture. The Vritra had deep-set eyes underneath heavy lids, giving a mysteriously charming quality to his stern face. With his neatly-cropped head of ash black hair and his tight-fitting black armor underneath a lavish purple cape, the Vritra looked like someone out of every female’s dreams if it weren’t for the pair of horns jutting out just above his ears.
The other Vritra—the one that had been talking—stood well over two meters, towering over everyone here despite his hunched posture. His long, thin arms dangled by his sides as though his arms had popped out of their sockets. This Virtra didn’t wear armor; instead, his body was wrapped completely in thick dark bandages underneath a shabby black mantle that perched on his shoulders. Messy bangs peeked out from underneath his tattered hood, accentuating his peculiar appearance.
This was my first time face to face with a Vritra, so I was surprised to see how much smaller the horns of the Vritra wearing the purple cape was compared to the Vritra that had attacked Sylvia in the cave during my childhood. However, the fact that I couldn’t sense the level that these two messengers were meant they were either purposely hiding their auras or were just that much stronger than I was.
“I am Cylrit and this is Uto. It is an honor to meet you, Aldir. We retainers have heard much about the famous asuras in Epheotus.” As if Virion and I didn’t exist, Cylrit’s gaze locked onto Aldir’s, but even that wasn’t out of respect. “I trust that you will uphold the pact and remain a noncombatant?”
I couldn’t help but be surprised at how casually he had mentioned that he was a retainer. That meant that he was one of the leading figures in this war that were actually allowed to fight—just beneath the Four Scythes.
“Assuming that your side will do the same? Then yes,” Aldir answered, his stare just as piercing as Cylrit’s.
“It’s a shame. I wanted to try fighting an asura, but I guess I’ll have to settle for slaughtering a few thousand of you lessers,” the Vritra named Uto spat, locking his eyes on me.
The lanky Vritra took a step toward me, craning his neck down with a sneer. “I get why Mr. One-Eye and Grampa Elf are here but I didn’t expect to see the boy wonder, Arthur Leywin, gracing us with his presence.”
I wasn’t sure how the Vritras had heard of me, but I maintained my cool facade. “I could say the same for you. To what pleasure do we owe the retainers for showing their faces here?”
“Like Cylrit said, we just didn’t want to send an innocent messenger to get captured and tortured for information. Because that’s what I’d do.” Uto’s slanted red eyes peered into me, searching for signs of fear or anger.
Instead, I returned his provocation with a smirk. “I can’t wait to find you on the battlefield.”
He replied with a murderous gaze, his lips spreading into a wicked grin. “Why wait? I love slicing through children’s flesh the most.”
“Uto! Enough,” Cylrit reprimanded.
“What?” Uto shrugged innocently. “Mr. One-Eye here can’t touch us anyway.”
“Neither would I want to touch any filthy lessurans,” Aldir answered apathetically as he peered into the lanky Vritra’s eyes. “Now. Since we didn’t come here to exchange frivolities, get on with your message and disappear from my sight.”
By the slight twitch in Uto’s brows, I could tell his attempt at provoking Aldir had backfired. However, before the lanky Vritra had the chance to respond, Cylrit stretched an arm in front of Uto to stop him.
“The message that His Majesty has tasked me to deliver to the leaders of Dicathen is simply this: Surrender the ruling family and mercy will be given to those who deserve it. Continue resistance and our army will eradicate everyone on this without discretion,” Cylrit recited, his gaze still only on Aldir.
“You call those terms?” Virion burst out. “That’s a one-sided ultimatum!”
Uto revealed a cocky sneer as he dipped his head lower to be eye-level with Virion. “Be thankful you even have the choice. Don’t worry. If you decide on the first option, I promise to be extra gentle when slicing off your head.”
Cylrit stared daggers at his companion. “We weren’t sent here to incite a fight, Uto.”
“That was never my intention, just a friendly warning of the upcoming battle,” the lanky Vritra replied but then turned to Virion with a perverse grin.“I hope to meet you and your granddaughter, Elf King. I’ll make sure to enjoy myself thoroughly as you helplessly watch.”
Disregarding Aldir’s warning, I stepped forward, ready to draw the sword in my dimension ring, but in that instant, Virion moved first.
In a flash, his fist made contact with Uto’s jaw. Tessia’s grandfather had already activated his second phase, a shroud of black covering his entire body and head, but I could still make out the rage in his eyes.
Uto’s head immediately snapped back at the blow, lifting him off the ground and blowing off the hood that had been covering his head.
“That kinda tickled,” the lanky Vritra growled, cracking his neck. Uto’s nose jutted out at a weird angle, but my eyes were glued to his horns.
It wasn’t the shape or the size of his horns that had stunned me.
No, it was the familiar chip on his left horn. The chip that the Lance, Alea, had made with her dying breath.


Chapter 141

Chapter 141
Chapter 141: What War Means For Everyone</h3> <hr/>
The haunting images of Alea’s bloody corpse, limbs brutally severed and core destroyed, flooded my mind as I stared at the chip in Uto’s left horn.
Any form of inhibition that had kept me from killing the Vritra had disappeared as I advanced towards Uto.
“Was it you?” I asked, my voice dripping with malice as I approached Uto.
Sylvie’s concern seeped into my head from behind, but it was no use.
Each step forward I took, the self-control that had kept me from remaining neutral during this meeting faded. Mana surged out of my body like a storm, shocking the Vritras and snapping Virion from his outrage.
“Were you the one that killed Alea?” I went on, taking another step.
“What was that, pup?” Uto snapped, his eyes furrowed in impatience.
“The lance in the dungeon that had all of her limbs cut off before dying,” I clarified, my voice icy. “Was it you?”
“Ahh,” the Vritra voiced, his lips curling upward.
Just by the tone of his voice, I already knew the answer. Taunting Virion and using his granddaughter as fuel was one thing but the fact that he was the one responsible for Alea’s horrible torture and death now gave gravity to his threats.
He had to die.
“That pretty little elf? What if it was me, brat?” Uto smirked.
I opened my mouth to respond, but Aldir gave me no chance to act on my impulses, appearing in front of me with a stern gaze. “This is what he wants you to do. Don’t let him provoke you.”
I let out a deep breath. Of course I knew Uto was provoking us on purpose—anyone with half a brain could see that. As for whether it was with forethought or because he was just that impulsive, I had a feeling it was both.
Swallowing the bitter taste in my mouth, I ignored Uto. Facing Cylrit, I asked, “Was there anything else that needed to be discussed? Or was that predictable threat all that you came here to say?”
“You will be given two days to decide,” Cylrit answered callously. “If the three royal families of Dicathen have not been offered by then, we will take that as your answer.”
I looked back at Virion who had finally gathered himself.
“We’ll show ourselves out,” Virion shot with a glare as he casually smoothed over the creases on his robe.
As I turned around to leave with Virion and Aldir, Uto’s voice rang from behind.
“You should’ve heard her scream,” he laughed chillingly. “Almost made me want to not kill her; keep her alive so I could continue making her scream, you know?”
I could feel my blood flowing faster as I stepped toward the edge of the platform, head pounding.
Aldir caught my gaze as he prepared to lift me up with his aura but I stopped him. Imbuing both ice, lightning, and wind attribute mana into my palm, I raised my arm and whipped around to face Uto.
The thin translucent beam of fused elements pierced through the narrow gap between the two Vritras, creating a crackling gale in its path. As the ray shot past them and into the water, the ocean split from the force of my spell. The waves instantly froze over before a current of electricity shattered the ice into shards of sparkling glass.
I could see Uto’s expression slowly crumple into that of doubt and shock while even Cylrit’s cold face showed surprise as the shower of ice shards rained down on us.
“Whether or not we decide to go forth with the war, I really hope to meet you again, Uto.” I turned back around as the shadowy platform we had been standing on convulsed.
As Aldir lifted Virion, Sylvie and me into the air, I held back the urge to turn back around. Staring at Virion’s face, lined with worry and frustration, I could tell he was thinking about the Vritra’s words.
“You’re not really considering their offer, right?” I asked as we ascended above the clouds.
“No, but if they were to keep true to their word, imagine how many innocent lives will be saved,” Virion said, the creases between his brows thickening.
I couldn’t help but scoff. “That’s a big if to be sacrificing you and your family’s lives for.”
“Arthur’s right,” Aldir chimed in. “You know what becomes of the world under the Vritra’s rule. Even Epheotus won’t be safe from harm if Agrona is able to populate two continents with races mixed with his blood. It’ll be a matter of a few generations before they strike against the rest of the asuras as well.”
“I know,” Virion sighed. “I’m not looking forward to the protests that’ll undoubtedly form from my choice, though.”
“You’re going to tell everyone?” I asked, surprised.
Tess’s grandfather nodded solemnly. “Trust is a fickle serpent; laboriously gained yet so easily lost. It’s necessary for the leader to be trusted by his people but how much do you think they’ll trust me after realizing that I’m basically using their lives as a gambling token?”
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“Not much,” I admitted, still reluctant toward the idea. I wouldn’t question Virion’s decisions, though. As far as leading went, he had much more experience than I had, even with both lives under my belt.
I could offer a different perspective, but ultimately, I trusted his choices, as did Aldir. When the asura had first come to Dicathen, killing off the Greysunders’ in one sweep as soon as he had arrived, I figured he would try and control Virion like some sort of puppeteer in the background. However, Aldir simply protected and advised Virion, never forcing him to take action. This said a lot about the respect the asura had for him.
As we flew back to the western shore, Virion coordinated plans with a mental transmission artifact for the public speaking that would supposedly take place tomorrow.
Just from the bits and pieces of the conversation I managed to pick up from Virion murmuring into the artifact, it seemed like all the major figures in the war would be present at the speech. The lances, the royal members of the three races, and other influential noble families were to be gathered and stand beside Virion as he made his speech as a sign of respect.
We arrived back at the circular room in the castle through the teleportation gate in just a couple hours. Before exiting the bland brick chamber, Virion patted my back.
“Get some rest, Arthur. Lord Aldir and I will handle the rest from here,” the white-haired elf said with a tired smile.
“I can help,” I protested. “There’s a lot you guys need to plan if the announcement is to be made tomorrow, right?”
“Let me worry about that,” he rejected. “Your family is here, right now, waiting for you. I’m afraid that after the true war begins, the amount of time you will be able to spend with your loved ones will be limited.”
“Listen to Virion,” Aldir agreed. “Judging by your little parting gift to those lessurans earlier, you’ve prepared your body. Now, use this time to prepare your mind and heart.”
Tired and dirty from the journey, I didn’t protest any further, and we went our separate ways. The living quarters in the castle were on the upper floors, where I was headed now. No matter how many times I came to this castle, it was impossible for me to imagine how large this floating structure must be to accommodate almost a hundred people while still having space for luxurious amenities.
Walking up the flights of stairs with Sylvie silently scampering behind me, I thought about how everyone’s life would change during this war. Until now, the battles have been isolated past the Grand Mountains, never reaching civilization. There hadn’t been any civilian casualties, only military ones. But once the ships landed on the western border, that would all change, and for the ignorant civilians, it would come as a surprise to them.
I feared how the normal inhabitants—the non-nobles—would take Virion’s announcement. At best, they would reluctantly accept, but at worst, protests would arise, and the citizens that the soldiers of Dicathen were trying to protect would betray us for the blind hope that the Alacryan forces would let them live if they cooperated.
I exited the stairway on the fourth flight and made my way down the wide corridor lit warmly by orbs mounted on both walls. The corridor branched off into narrower hallways with doors every few feet or so.
“How do you suppose we find our parents, Sylv?” I asked, veering right into a random hallway in hopes of running into someone that would know.
“Searching for mana signatures seems over the top here and would probably alarm some of the mages,” Sylvie chimed. “How about knocking on every door until we find someone that can tell us?”
I took another right at a path and ventured further down until a familiar sight caught my eye. A wide archway led to a patio garden outside of the castle. I never thought I’d see such an open deck on a flying castle but the vast orange sky of a beautiful sunset, dimmed by the transparent barrier surrounding it, illuminated the area. Playing on the neatly-kept grass lawn were groups of children, some sparring with friends, others simply chasing each other.
What made me stop was the sight of the towering dark-brown bear playing amidst the scampering children. I spotted an uncomfortable Ellie just beside her bond, talking to some blond-haired boy her age.
Puffed out chest, chin held high, a fake smile that didn’t reach his eyes… If I didn’t know any better, I’d say he was trying to flirt with my precious sister.
“Stick him, Sylv. Make him scream like a castrato,” I grinned evilly.
My vicious bond scampered to my sister, asking me in my head what a castrato was, when Ellie’s mana beast picked up the blond boy by the back of his collar and flung him away.
The bear—I think Boo was his name—and I locked eyes for a brief second. I gave him a stern, approving nod as I raised my right thumb.
Boo responded with a furry thumb’s up as well, still seated next to my sister, and it was at that moment that I felt that Boo wouldn’t be such a bad companion for my sister after all.
“Sylvie?” Ellie exclaimed when she noticed the little white fox scampering towards her. Looking up, her face lit up when she saw me. “Brother?”
The children—all nobles that had come here for safety—whipped their heads, dropping whatever they had been doing. Some of the parents nearby, seated on the patio chairs talking to one another, turned around to look at me.
As I walked toward my sister, I could feel everyone’s eyes following me. Ellie scooped up Sylvie and embraced her tightly before looking back up at me. “Brother, you’re back already?”
“Yup,” I smiled, glancing around at the onlookers. Dipping my head, I whispered into my sister’s ear. “Why are they all staring at me?”
“There’s not a noble in Dicathen that doesn’t know who Arthur Leywin is,” she giggled. “You should see how those nobles treat me.”
“So that’s what it was. I thought I had done something wrong to your friends here.” I let out a relieved chuckle. Turning to Boo, who remained seated on his hind legs, I raised my hand. “Good to see you, Boo!”
The giant mana beast responded with a low grunt and received my hand with a large paw.
“When did you two get so close?” Ellie marveled.
“Men with common objectives tend to bond fast,” I answered, the two of us nodding at each other once more.
“What? No—never mind—that’s not important. It’s good that you’re here right now. You’ve got to stop them,” Ellie amended, shaking her head.
“What? Stop who from what?” I could hear the worry in her voice. Ellie pulled me back out of the patio, away from the other children and parents as her eyes nervously darted left and right.
“It’s Mom and Dad,” she said solemnly. “They’ve decided to join the war.”


Chapter 142

Chapter 142
Chapter 142: Unexpectedly</h3> <hr/>
Leaving Sylvie with my sister, I made my way to my parents’ room. I strode down the corridor, my gait growing faster with each step as I arrived in front of the door labeled “Leywin Family.”
I took a deep breath to steady my nerves. The thought of what Ellie said, that my parents really planned to take part in the war, filled me with unease. A dull thud resounded as I knocked on the wooden door.
“It’s open,” the warm voice of my mother chimed from the other side.
The hinges creaked as I turned the knob and slid the door open. Bags lay open on the floor with clothes folded neatly beside them. I stepped inside and looked around to find my father polishing his gauntlets, a set of chainmail armor spread out beside him. My mother, who had been walking toward the door to greet their visitor, stopped when she saw me. She masked her surprise with a sullen smile while my father dropped his gaze as soon as he saw my expression.
“So it’s true,” I muttered, picking up a polished shin brace beside my father.
“Son.” My father put down the gauntlet and rag but remained seated.
“We weren’t expecting you back so soon,” my mother added, taking another step toward me.
“Were you planning on leaving without saying anything to me?” I asked, my gaze still focused on the shin brace in my hand.
“Of course not. But we wanted to finish preparing before you got back.” My mother lifted her hand, hesitating just a bit before she placed it on my shoulder.
A mixture of feelings welled up in me as I squeezed tightly at the metal armor—confusion as to why they had suddenly decided to fight, irritation that they hadn’t even bothered to discuss this decision with me, and anger that they’d be willing to risk their lives when Ellie was barely twelve.
I finally pried my gaze off of my hands and looked at my father. “I thought you guys were going to wait until after Ellie got older before joining the war.”
“Commander Virion advised us to stay until Ellie was older or until you came,” my father said, his gaze firm.
“I don’t believe that you guys suddenly decided to fight in the war just because I came back,” I replied doubtfully.
“We didn’t,” my mother answered, her hand squeezing my shoulder more tightly.
“I just got a transmission from Helen.” My father stood up, his gaze unusually vicious as he tested out his gauntlets. “They were attacked in a dungeon as everyone was getting ready to leave. They stayed back to buy some time for the younger soldiers to escape, but…”
“But?” I echoed. My father, Reynolds Leywin, the man who had always endured any hardships with an optimistic smile, looked up with an icy venom in his eyes. “Adam didn’t make it.”
“No,” I shook my head. “That’s impossible. I was there just yesterday. I was the one that cleared the dungeon and killed the mutant holed up inside.”
My father nodded solemnly. “Apparently after you left, as everyone prepared to depart, another horde of mana beasts led by a mutant attacked them. Helen thinks that the bottom floor of the first dungeon was connected to another dungeon.”
“The fight was a mess because no one had been expecting a battle. The Twin Horns and some other veteran soldiers stayed and bought some time for everyone else,” my mother continued. “Luckily, the mutant was only B class, but because its army was larger and caught them off guard, there were more deaths than necessary… including Adam’s.”
A barren silence lingered in the room after my mother finished speaking. I couldn’t believe that someone I had just seen yesterday was dead. Suddenly, a sinking realization made me bolt upright; Tess had been in that dungeon!
“Who else died?” I asked. Despite my concern, I didn’t want to seem insensitive of Adam’s death by asking if Tess was okay.
“That was all I was able to hear from Helen. It was an emergency transmission so the message was rather short, but seeing as she didn’t include anyone else, I figured the others that died were soldiers we didn’t know,” my father added with a sigh. “Although Commander Virion probably knows more now since some time has passed.”
Helen would’ve surely mentioned if something had happened to Tess, but it still made me uneasy, to say the least.
“I’m sorry about what happened to Adam,” I consoled my father. Adam wasn’t my favorite of the Twin Horns as I had found his quick temper and cynical sarcasm to be distasteful, but he had been loyal. Underneath his impatient and cranky exterior had been a trustworthy comrade that stood by my parents’ sides while they were in the Twin Horns.
I could now see why the atmosphere surrounding my father was so heavy.
“Don’t misunderstand, Arthur. We’re not doing this out of guilt—a soldier’s life is always in danger,” my father said.
“Even still,” I said, shaking my head.
I knew I was being unreasonable. My father had every right to fight the battles he chose. But it was my own selfishness of wanting to keep the ones I loved safe that made me want to try.
It didn’t matter what level your core was or how knowledgeable you were about mana manipulation. No matter how much you strengthened your body or heavily you equipped yourself, death could come at any moment in a battle; no matter how strong I became, I firmly believed that. Yet, my father was willing to risk his and my mother’s lives when it wasn’t only unnecessary, but reckless.
“Arthur, it’s not his fault,” my mother consoled. “I’m the one that wants to go back to the Twin Horns and help out in the war.”
“What?” I blurted, completely taken by surprise. “You want to go to war?”
She nodded. “Yes.”
“B-But you can’t,” I turned to my father, bewilderment practically written on my face. “I mean, Dad said you avoid using magic because something happened in the past. Why now...?”
My mother cast a glance at my father, who dipped his head in a solemn nod. “Arthur, sit down.”
I obeyed, taking a seat at the foot of the bed as my mother gathered her thoughts.
“What else did my hus—your father tell you?” She eyed me guiltily as she amended her words but I didn’t take it to heart. She had told me to give her time to accept who I was and I could tell that with her being overly mindful, she was trying.
“That’s about all he told me,” I said. “He said the rest was to be told by you when you were ready.”
“What we never told you, Arthur, about the Twin Horns, was that there was actually one more member.”
My brows furrowed as I glanced over to my father, who remained silent.
“Her name was Lensa, a talented and young augmenter at the time,” my mother continued.
She went on telling me a story of a very bright and hopeful mage that had joined the Twin Horns shortly after my father had brought in a young Alice from Valden City. My mother’s eyes glazed over as she described how she and Lensa had hit it off immediately, Lensa’s brash and straightforwardness meshing well with my mother’s timidity. Lensa had done well for herself as an adventurer even without the help of a party, to the point where she was already fairly well-known. So when she had asked the Twin Horns if she could join their party, it came as a surprise to everyone.
My mother closed her eyes and paused for a breath. “It had only been about two years since she joined when the accident occurred.”
My brows furrowed in apprehension as I imagined what sort of accident had transpired, when my mother faintly smiled. “It isn’t some dramatic calamity that befell us; not everyone’s life is as exciting as yours is.”
Embarrassed, I let out an uncomfortable laugh as I scratched my cheek.
“We had gotten careless and ran into an ambush by a pack of stingers. None of us had sustained any major injuries and I thought very little of it as I healed everyone’s surface wounds.” My mother pursed her lips to keep from crying. “The thing about being an emitter is that everyone expects you to know how to heal every injury—that your magic is a one-spell-cures-all when that really isn’t the case.”
My father placed a consoling hand on my mother’s back as her body shuddered.
“I didn’t know at that time either since it hadn’t been that long since I had awakened and I never fully trained in the different aspects of healing; I didn’t think I needed to.” Wiping away her tears, she looked up at me with red eyes. “I closed everyone’s wounds, except the venom from the stingers’ tails had infected the flesh below. Your father and everyone else was able to get treated in time before it could do any harm, but for Lensa, the wound was close to her mana core, and after I had closed her wounds, the venom spread.”
I drew in a breath sharply. “Then…”
“Yeah. Her mana core had gotten infected to the point where she could no longer practice mana manipulation. I had robbed my friend and teammate of the one true joy in her life.”
“At least she’s still alive,” I said, trying to comfort her until she shook her head.
“She went off by herself into a dungeon and never came back out,” my mother said. “She had always said that she wanted to die gloriously in battle, but she went into a high-risk dungeon without being able to use magic to get herself killed. And you know what the funny part is?”
My mother looked up, trying to keep any more tears from falling as she scoffed. “If I hadn’t closed the wound, the doctor would’ve been able to easily extract the poison. She probably would’ve been fine if I hadn’t healed her.”
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
I opened my mouth, hoping words would form, but none did. My father remained silent as well, his hand still gently stroking my mother’s back.
After a few minutes, my mother composed herself. “I’ve been scared to properly use magic for anything more than minor injuries since then. Back when we were first on our way to Xyrus and we had gotten attacked, I was barely able to bring myself to heal your dying father. But after you told us about your…secret, and went off to train, Elder Rinia helped me as well while we were holed up in that cave. I doubt Adam’s death was a sign, but after everything the Twin Horns has done for your father and I, I think it’s time for us to be there for them.”
The resolution in my mother’s eyes made it clear that she didn’t say all this hoping to gain my approval.
“That’s not the only reason though,” my father said in a hushed tone. “Now that you’re back, it’s been killing me thinking about you, fighting out in the war while we’re here, safely twiddling our thumbs and waiting for good news.”
“But what if something happens to either of you? What will happen to Ellie then?” I argued, still uneasy about letting them out to battle.
“The same goes for you, Arthur. No matter how strong you are, death rarely comes from just weakness; it sneaks up when your guard is down. I’ll protect your mother and you can bet that our goal in this war will be to make it out in one piece and come back to you and your sister, but you have to do the same.” My father paused for a second as his gaze hardened. “We may not have raised you as we thought we had with your past life’s memories and all, but you can be damn sure that Ellie sees you as her loving brother, so don’t be so eager to sacrifice yourself for some vague ‘greater good,’ and come out of this war safely. Even if we lose this war, there will always be a chance to fight back. The only situation where you truly lose is when you die, because there are no second chances after that.”
I couldn’t help but let out a soft chuckle. “Well…”
“You know what I mean!” my father snapped, eliciting a faint smile from my mother.
Suddenly, a hurried knock drew our attention to the door. After trading glances with my parents, I said, “It’s open.”
The wooden door swung open to reveal Virion in the same black robe he had worn earlier today in our meeting with the Vritra. “Boy, have you heard?”
“Commander Virion!” My parents bolted up from their seats.
“Please. Just Virion is fine for Arthur’s parents,” he replied with a quick wave of his hand.
“Is it the attack?” I guessed, judging by his perturbed expression.
“Good, you have then,” Virion nodded. “And have you told your parents?”
“My parents were the one that told me.”
Virion’s brows raised in mild surprise but he merely let out a sigh as he regarded my parents. “Then you must’ve heard what happened to your ex-party member.”
My father responded with a solemn nod.
“You have my deepest condolences,” Tess’s grandfather lamented. “Some of the soldiers that were there arrived at the castle just now. I came to get Arthur, but I’m positive that at least the leader of the Twin Horns is here. Would you like to come with us?”
After sending a quick transmission to Sylvie—that we were going to be on the lower floor and to stay with Ellie—the four of us hurried to the teleportation room.
The towering iron doors that protected the teleportation room had been left open as soldiers, still worn from battle, stumbled out of the glowing gate in the center of the room, some still with their weapons drawn and bloody.
Guards lined the walls in case anyone other than Dicathen soldiers made their way through the portal as handmaids and nurses waited with fresh gauze and vials of antiseptics and ointment to provide treatment to the badly injured soldiers.
Spotting Helen first, I nudged my parents’ attention to her direction.
Needless to say, she was in a miserable state. Her metal chest guard was cracked with only a fragment of her shoulder brace still attached to her. The leather armor that protected the rest of Helen’s body had gashes in it, lined with dried blood, but her expression wasn’t that of weariness or pain. There was a raging tempest in her eyes as she walked down the platform with her broken bow still in hand.
“Helen!” my father called out. My parents immediately rushed toward Helen. The leader of the Twin Horns’ expression softened at the sight of my parents as she received their hug.
Leaving Virion, who was still anxiously waiting for Tess to walk through the portal, I made my way toward Helen.
“I’m glad you’re safe,” I said, giving her a gentle hug. “I’m sorry for what happened to Adam… If only I had stayed down there with you guys—”
“Don’t,” Helen stopped me. “No good ever comes out of thinking like that. What happened, happened. The best thing to do is focus on how we’ll make those damn Alacryans and their mutant pets pay.”
“What you have to focus on now is resting,” my mother said. “Come, we’ll have a nurse look at you.”
My mother guided Helen, who had insisted that she was okay, with my father trailing closely behind them. I figured they’d tell Helen about their plans on re-joining the Twin Horns, but I remained in the room to wait for Tess to come back.
The soldiers that escaped had managed to reach one of the hidden teleportation gates within the Beast Glades, but without the time for a headcount and the fact that the horde of mana beasts might still ambush them outside of the dungeon made me worry the longer Tess didn’t show up.
Not more than a few minutes could’ve passed but it felt like an eternity as unfamiliar faces staggered out of the teleportation gate. Finally, a familiar face popped out of the portal; it was the boy named Stannard.
He had a few scuffs on his tunic and pants and his face was smudged with dirt but I took the fact that there was no blood on him as a positive sign.
I didn’t hesitate to dash to him, pulling him aside almost instantly as he stepped out of the gate.
“Woah! What giv—”
“Where’s Tessia? Was she with you?” I bombarded, gripping his arm tightly.
“Arthur Leywin?” His face twinged. “Ouch. Your grip is a bit tight.”
I immediately let go, my gaze still shifting between Stannard and the teleportation gate just in case Tess came out.
“Sorry, Stannard. I heard about the ambush in the dungeon. Where’s the rest of your team?” I asked impatiently. The noise level in the room had grown as more soldiers filled the area. Some were groaning in pain while others were talking to guards and filling them in on what had happened.
“Th-They should’ve been behind me,” he replied, looking back. “It was too crazy. We had to keep running just in case they chased after us.”
Stannard was shivering as his knees buckled. I put his arms over my shoulders and helped him to the side where he could sit and lean against the wall.
Looking at everyone’s state, Helen had clearly understated the severity of the ambush to my parents. As I veered over the crowd of soldiers, I spotted the rest of Tess’s teammates.
The girl named Caria was carrying the boy I had dueled against—Darvus, I think—on her back, his feet dragging on the ground because of their difference in height.
The short augmenter was easily carrying her teammate despite the multiple wounds on her body. Her curly brown hair was amok, caked with blood at the ends, and her leather armor was tattered beyond repair.
Rushing to them, I lifted the unconscious Darvus and began carrying him, surprising Caria.
“Thank you,” she replied meekly as I guided her to Stannard.
As I put Darvus down, the wild-haired augmenter stirred awake. Letting out a pained groan, his glazed eyes focused on me. As soon as he realized who he was staring at, his eyes narrowed. “You… because of that bloody technique of yours, I couldn’t muster up any mana to fight!”
Despite his anger, his voice came out hoarse and weak.
“I’m sorry. I really am.”
Darvus sunk back against the wall before falling back into unconsciousness, joining the sleeping Stannard.
I snagged a pitcher of water from a handmaid passing by and gave it to Caria. She immediately buried her head inside the glass pitcher, gulping down the water before passing it back to me, completely empty.
“Caria.” I gently shook her shoulder to keep her from falling asleep. “I need to know what happened to Tessia.”
Caria’s eyes were half-closed as she opened her mouth to explain. She was about to speak when, instead, her lips curled into a grin. She pointed behind me, wordlessly.
Confused, I looked over my shoulder. Hobbling out of the portal, dirty, with clothes tattered, hair amok, armor dented and cracked, but alive and in one piece, was Tessia.


Chapter 143

Chapter 143
Chapter 143: Numbers Behind Age</h3> <hr/>
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:</strong></span>
I stepped out of the teleportation gate and onto a platform, feeling weary and frustrated. I could’ve helped back there, but they wouldn’t let me. The soldiers that stayed behind to fight all echoed the same words—that I needed to go and my safety was priority.
What the hell was the point of training so damn hard if everyone treated me like some glass sculpture?
I let out a deep breath, hoping to expel the frustration out of my system, but all it did was remind my body how thirsty I was. Looking around at the crowd of soldiers, guards and nurses, I sought out looking for anyone holding a glass of water to quench my parched throat. Then I caught the sight of my teammates.
Stannard and Darvus were asleep against the wall while Caria was sitting up, speaking to someone, when she pointed at me.
The man she had been talking to maintained his crouching position as he turned his head.
My chest tightened as he stood up. His furrowed brows and sharp gaze that regarded his surroundings instantly relaxed as he locked eyes with me.
It was Art.
I couldn’t help but mindlessly stare as he walked towards me. The first time I had seen him in two years, he was covered in blood and grime, looking somewhat like a monster himself. However, the Art that was approaching me now was completely different. Dressed in a sharp white tunic lined luxuriously with gold and a long black mantle that seemed to shroud him in mystery, he exuded a sort of grand aura that belittled every royal family in Dicathen. His long hair was bound up, accentuating the sharp lines of his jaw while locks of auburn bangs fell messily over his forehead and past his azure eyes that crinkled from his breathtaking smile.
He was almost upon me when I snapped out of my daze. There were soldiers and guards nearby that I had to keep my composure around. It had barely been a day since the last time I’d seen Art and judging by his demeanor from the last time we had met in public, I’m sure he disliked emotional reunions.
Letting out a hoarse cough, I tried to stand taller, puffing myself up to muster as much poise and dignity that I could despite my unkempt appearance.
I stuck out my hand for him to shake, keeping my expression stoic. “Good to see you so soon, Arth—”
My gesture was ignored as a powerful hand wove underneath my arm, landing firmly on my back as he pulled me toward him. I stumbled forward by the sudden force and my face pressed against the thin tunic, bathing me in his warmth.
I’d been approached, pursued, and courted by almost every man brave enough to look past my lineage but the only thing I felt for them was either pity or annoyance. However, at this moment, my body felt as if it had been both frozen and melted at the same time as I remained motionless in his embrace.
Whether the entire room had fallen silent or my sense of hearing had just disappeared, I couldn’t tell, but my other senses had become overwhelmed. From inside the safe haven of his sturdy arms, a faint hint of oak and a crisp ocean breeze filled my nose as I felt the side of his face bury into my neck.
My limbs remained frozen but my empty stomach continued to flutter uncontrollably while Art’s arm squeezed just a fraction tighter.
“I’m glad you’re okay,” Art finally spoke. His warm breath blew against my neck, sending shivers down my spine.
My arms twitched, instinctively wanting to hug him back, but the piercing stares of everyone around us made me stop.
“O-Of course I’m okay,” I said, barely mustering up the strength to push him away despite how every fiber in my body wanted me to pull him closer. I could feel blood rushing up my neck to the very top of my head as I stared at Art, his face just inches away from my own.
I could see his eyes moving, tracing every feature of my face as he studied me. He let out deep breath, as if a large weight had been lifted, and looked at me with a gentle smile. “Come on. I’ll take you to your grandfather.”
It felt as though I was swimming in some sort of thick, viscous liquid in my head. The world blurred by with muffled conversations and shadows of people I couldn’t quite make out. My body seemed to move on its own, acting and responding on instinct as my mind kept recalling my arrival back inside the castle. Now that I was just remembering it, my mind started analyzing every action and inaction of the scene, trying to put meaning into every thing Art did at that moment—the firmness yet tenderness of his hug, the desperation and relief that poured out of him when his eyes locked onto me.
I replayed the scene over and over again in my head, nitpicking every little detail. However, the conclusion that I had reached every time was the same. I hated how composed he was every time we met. And, after all of this time, I hated how I still felt weak and helpless in front of him.
I wasn’t able to see much of Art after our initial meeting at the castle. I was swept away by a team of nurses as soon as my grandfather had released me from his embrace, and escorted to my room. After checking to make sure my teammates had been tended to, I plopped gingerly into my bed, finding comfort in the fact that my simply furnished room was exactly as I had left it.
As the nurses removed my armor and wiped me down with scented towels, I felt my body sinking deeper and deeper into the sheets until the world faded to darkness.
“—should tell her, Virion.” Art’s familiar voice pulled me out of my slumber. Rubbing my eyes, I squinted at the morning sun just barely peeking above the layer of clouds below us.
It took my brain a second to assess the situation before a frightening thought struck me. I immediately peeked underneath my covers, letting out a sigh of relief to find myself clothed.
“She’s going to find out eventually. You can’t hide something like this from her; it’s impossible.” Art’s muffled voice came from the other side of the door. He talked in a hushed tone but his words rang clearly in my ears.
“It’s fine if she finds out later, but she’s not ready for this. Now shush! What if she hears?” my grandfather whispered back.
“She’ll listen to you if you respect her enough to tell her. If she finds out from anyone else, what do you think she’s going to do?” Art argued back, his voice growing sharper.
“Damn you, boy. What if she decides to go? Then what?”
“We’ll figure it out after hearing her response. Virion, you and I both know what your granddaughter is capable of once she puts her mind to something.”
“I know,” my grandfather snapped back. “I just can’t… with Cynthia dying by the hands of those Vritra bastards right here in this castle. What if…”
I couldn’t hear the rest of their conversation as my heart began beating louder and louder. Master Cynthia is dead? That’s impossible, right?
Master Cynthia had always been leagues above anyone I knew in terms of magical abilities. Her expertise in mana manipulation was on par with—maybe even above—Grandpa’s. She had taught me everything from basic control to advanced execution of spells while sword fighting.
There is no way she would be killed so easily. I tried convincing myself, but my hands trembled as I held on tightly to my blanket.
I sat up on my bed, wiping away a stray tear that had managed to escape from my eye, and waited for the two of them to come in.
“Come in,” I answered immediately after they knocked on the door.
Art, dressed simply in a grey tunic and black pants with his hair tied up into a knot, came in first, followed by my grandfather who was wearing the same black robe he had been wearing yesterday.
Art took one glance at me and let out a sigh as he closed his eyes. “How much did you hear?”
“Everything,” I answered matter-of-factly.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
My grandfather took a step forward, his face furrowed in concern. “Child—”
“Take me to her, please,” I cut him off, stepping out of bed to find something to wear over my nightdress.
I stayed silent as we descended down the flights of stone stairs, the only sound coming from our echoing footsteps as my grandfather led the way and Art trailed closely behind me.
My grandfather kept taking glances back, but didn’t say anything until we reached the bottommost floor where the dungeons and cells were.
“Why is Master Cynthia holed up in such a filthy and degrading place reserved for murderers and traitors?” I demanded.
“We don’t have a burial ground in this castle, Tessia. We’re keeping her here until circumstances permit us to safely give her a burial,” my grandfather answered patiently. “And the dungeon has been empty since the start of this war after we moved all of the prisoners to more remote dungeons on the ground.”
The dungeon floor differed vastly from the rest of the castle. Fungus grew between the stone blocks and mold lined the wooden hinges that the illuminating artifact rested on. The foul, musty smell blended with the near-toxic odor of decay and waste. The area seemed as if it was purposely designed to repulse the prisoners held here. What my grandfather said was true—only a hollow silence lingered rather than the screams and moans of prisoners.
At the farthest end of the floor, there was a single metal door with a soldier standing guard.
“Open the door,” my grandfather ordered.
The armored guard nodded, his expression hidden underneath his helmet, as he stepped to the side and turned the rusted handle without turning around. As the metal door screeched against the uneven ground, a flawless stone casket lay in the center of the empty cell with a small pile of flowers resting on top.
“Only a few people know of her death,” my grandfather explained, walking up and gently laying a hand on the top of the stone coffin.
“She deserves a public ceremony. All of her past students, the professors who taught at Xyrus… she doesn’t deserve to be here,” I muttered.
My grandfather nodded. “I know—”
“Then why?” I said harshly. “Why is my master rotting away in a corner of this foul dungeon? For everything she had done for this continent, she deserves a diamond coffin and a countrywide funeral! Sh-She deserves anything but… this.”
“Tessia…” Grandpa rested his hand gently on my back, hoping to quell my anger.
“How could you keep this from me, Grandpa? If I hadn’t heard you through the door, when would I have found out? After the war?” I scoffed, shrugging his hand away while my vision blurred from my tears. “Is there anything else you’re hiding from me? Despite everything I did to try and show you that I was mature, you still treat me like a child—”
“That’s because you are a child,” Art snapped.
“What?” I blurted, my face getting red from anger rather than embarrassment. “How can you—you should know better than anyone else how I’m feeling, but you call me a child? You of all people?”
My childhood friend wore a calloused expression as I huffed in frustration, regarding me with a stern eye that made me doubt yesterday’s memory of him affectionately hugging me.
“Maybe it’s because I know both you and Grandpa Virion so well that I’m saying this, Tess. What you’re doing right now—needlessly putting yourself in harm’s way just to prove a point—is no better than a child throwing a tantrum,” Art continued.
“Arthur,” my grandfather cut in. “Enough.”
“H-How dare you!” I seethed, tears rolling down my cheeks.
“If you took a minute to think this whole situation through, you’d realize why your grandfather had to keep this all a secret. What do you think would happen if he were to announce that someone was killed by our enemy in the supposed safest location in the continent?” Art said, his gaze unrelenting.
“Well I’m sorry that not everyone is as smart as you!” I retorted.
Art’s gaze softened. “You’re only seventeen, Tess—”
“And you’re only sixteen. Yet Grandpa, Master Aldir, and even Master Cynthia never looked at you as a kid even though you’re younger than me,” I argued.
“If they see me as an adult, that’s something they’ve come to realize on their own, not by me deliberately trying to prove it,” he answered.
“How is that even fair?” I choked back a sob. “You get to do what you want because you’re good enough but no matter how hard I try and what I do, I’ll always be some damsel in need of protection!”
“That’s not it, Tessia. Your grandfather and I—”
“What? You guys want me cooped up and isolated from anything potentially dangerous or potentially distressing so badly that you can’t even tell me that my own master was killed?” I cut in, my face numb with anger. “Or is it because—”
“Because if we told you, the first thing you’d have in mind is facing the Vritra that killed Cynthia, trying to get revenge, and getting yourself killed!” Arthur exploded.
This was the first time I had heard him raise his voice to this extent, stunning not just me and Grandpa, but the guard standing outside.
“You… you don’t know that,” I denied.
“Don’t I?” Arthur pressed. “Because I think I know for a fact that you acting this way isn’t because Virion didn’t tell you about Director Goodsky dying. You’re not mad at him, you’re mad at yourself for leaving your master to go prove to everyone how strong and helpful you’d be to the war.”
“Th-This isn’t about…” I couldn’t finish my sentence as I broke down, sobbing uncontrollably on my knees.
“Arthur! I think you’ve said enough,” my grandpa growled. “Guard. Escort him out.”
I didn’t look up to see Art leave. I didn’t know what kind of expression he had on his face, or if he was sorry. It was too much.
“Tessia. let’s take some time together to pay our respects to Cynthia. I’m sure that, more than having millions of people at a ceremony, she’d rather have the few she truly cherished mourning for her.” Grandpa kneeled beside me, gently stroking my trembling back. “After this, I’ll tell you everything.”
Mustering up a shaky nod, I let out a hoarse whisper. “Thank you.”
The both of us turned to face the smooth stone casket that my master resided in, waves of emotions continuing to toss and turn inside me.


Chapter 144

Chapter 144
Chapter 144: Invaluable Allies
“I understand your problem, Grey, but I’m not sure if I’m the best person to help you with this,” the headmaster said with a sigh. “No matter how lacking your ki pool may be compared to most kids your age, you’re still a child with plenty of time for that to change. However, and I say this as a general life lesson, if you find yourself lacking in resources, use what you have when you need it the most.”
I pondered over her cryptic solution to my ki problem.
“Thank you, Headmaster Wilbeck,” I grinned before heading out the door.
“Oh, and Grey?” the headmaster called from behind her desk.
I halted, peeking my head out of the doorway. “Yes?”
“How is Cecilia getting along with you and Nico?”
“Well,” I paused. “Besides her little accidents, I’d say we’re slowly getting through to her!”
“She hasn’t said a word to you two, has she?” Headmaster Wilbeck sighed.
“Nope!” I affirmed confidently. “Not a single one.”
“Very well. I really do hope the two of you keep trying to break her out of her shell though. If anyone can do it, it’s you two.”
I came back into her office. “Headmaster?”
“Hmm?”
“Why are you pushing so hard for us to be friends with Cecilia?” I asked.
The headmaster’s lips curled into a gentle smile as she stood up from her chair. “That, my child, is a story that I’m hoping she’ll tell you herself.”
“Well, I mean, she looks normal enough but everyone’s scared of her because of those accidents that happen every once in awhile.” I scratched my head. “I mean, Nico and I aren’t scared or anything but there are a few kids that have been sent to the infirmary because of her, so I just thought it’d be better to know more to help her.”
Walking around her table, Headmaster Wilbeck tousled my hair. “Your job isn’t to help her; it’s to be her friend. Let me take care of helping her.”
“Yes, Mother,” I saluted.
The headmaster’s gentle downturned eyes widened in surprise at my words.
“It’s Headmaster Olivia or Headmaster Wilbeck to you, Grey.” Her voice was firm but her eyes betrayed her words.
I didn’t want to leave. I wanted to stay in her office and help her with the pile of papers that never seemed to diminish, but I knew she would never let me help; like a broken record, she always said that it was her job, not mine.
Dragging my feet out of the small office, I trudged down the hall toward my room.
I often imagined my life as Headmaster Wilbeck’s son. Her stern, yet loving voice scolding me every time I got into trouble. I’d do what I could to help her around the house: do the dishes, take out the trash and mow the lawn. And when she came home, I’d massage her shoulders that she always seemed to be rubbing painfully from stress.
Nico said it was weird for me to do so much for my mother, saying that it was usually a daughter’s job to spoil the mother, but I didn’t agree. If I had someone like Headmaster Wilbeck as a mother, I’d make sure to pamper her. I’d help dye the white streaks of her brown hair and once I was old enough, I’d make a lot of money and buy fancy clothes and even a car and house for her.
Maybe that was the difference between someone that had known their parents like Nico and someone like me, who didn’t have a single memory of what his parents looked like. Nico hated his parents and any mention of his last name, Sever, would set him off like a fuse.
As for someone like me, who didn’t have a surname, there was an odd comfort imagining being Grey Wilbeck, son of Olivia Wilbeck.
The sharp creak of the floorboard underneath my feet snapped me out of my fantasy, and I sighed a breath of defeat.
I kneeled down above the old misaligned floorboard and snapped it back in its place. Testing the floor with my feet, I let out a satisfied nod at the plank’s silence.
Looking up, a group of kids were running through the hall, chasing one another.
“Grey! I’m going to tag you!” a little girl named Theda giggled as she skirted toward me with her arms stretched out.
“Oh yeah?” I stuck out my tongue. “I bet you’re not!”
Theda accepted the challenge as she picked up her pace. As soon as she was within range, she swiped at my waist, hoping to grab my shirt, but I easily twirled out of reach.
I let out a victorious laugh. “You’re going to have to try harder than—”
I swayed to my right, just in time to avoid Odo’s hand.
The rest of the kids that Theda had been playing with joined in, deciding that they were all “it” in this impromptu game of tag.
As the boys and girls flocked me with arms stretched wide to cover more ground, I easily dipped and weaved around them. They flailed their appendages desperately as they tried to utilize every part of their bodies in hopes to tag me but it was useless.
Theda and her friends got smart and circled around me, slowly closing in on me as they giggled excitedly.
Once they got close enough, the kids got impatient and all sprung at me.
Just as their hands were about to touch me, I jumped up and grabbed onto the broken chain that used to support an old chandelier before it had to be sold. Using the momentum of my leap, I swung from the chain, gripping tightly so I wouldn’t slip.
Theda, Odo, and their friends bumbled amongst themselves from missing their target.
Swinging from the old chain, I landed a few feet away and planted my hands on my hips, laughing victoriously. “You guys are five years too young to best the mighty Grey!”
“Not fair!” Odo groaned, rubbing his head.
“Yeah! You’re too fast!” Theda agreed, prying herself out of the tangle of kids.
“Shush! Only weaklings complain when facing defeat!” I said, deepening my voice. “Now off I go! My heroic powers are needed elsewhere!”
I dashed away as the kids laughed amongst themselves.
“The mighty Grey has arrived!” I announced, opening the door to my room.
“Yeah, yeah. Close the door on your way in,” Nico replied, not even turning to look at me as he fumbled with something on his cluttered bed.
“The kids are more fun than you,” I clicked my tongue. “What are you doing anyway?”
Nico held up his right hand, covered in a fuzzy black glove, with a proud grin on his face.
“You’re into knitting now?” I asked with a smirk, reaching for the glove.
Nico stretched out his gloved hand, gripping my forearm.
All of a sudden, a wave of pain radiated like an intense muscle cramp from Nico’s grasp.
My friend and roommate immediately let go with a smug look pasted on his face. “Never underestimate the power of knitting.”
“What the hell?” My gaze switched back between his glove and my sore arm.
“Pretty neat, right?” Nico stared contently at his gloved hand. “After the whole run-in with those thugs, I was researching a way to defend myself in case something like that ever happened again. And after compiling my notes, off a rather interesting book I found on ki conducting material I was able to design this glove!”
“How does it work? Why did my arm suddenly cramp up when you grabbed me?” I asked, my fingers itching to grab ahold of Nico’s newest creation.
“It’s pretty cool, actually,” Nico said, slapping my hand away. “There are these microfibers on the palm of the gloves that can conduct ki to a certain degree. The microfibers elongate in reaction to my ki and reach into the muscles when I grab someone. There’s a small conducting stone on the inside of the glove that harnesses the ki that I emit and it shoots out through the microfibers and into my enemy’s muscle which, in this case, was your arm.”
“That’s pretty neat, but why don’t you just learn how to fight like me?”
“First of all, you never learned to fight. And I need to have toys like these because unlike someone”—his eyes darted to me—“I don’t have the reflexes of some primitive carnivore. If I had to say, my reflexes range somewhere between a sloth and a turtle.”
I couldn’t help but chortle at the comparison. “Well, the glove looks useful and all, but it seems like it’d only buy you some time,” I pointed out, flexing my cramped hand.
“Yup. And another downside is that the microfibers, which I had to buy with part of the money we got from pawning off the jewelry, don’t last very long,” Nico sighed as he took off the fuzzy black glove.
I looked at the stacks of books piled all over his side of the room. “I’m sure you’ll think of something around it. By the way, how did you give the money we got to the headmaster?”
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“Ah! I gave it to a guy I know. He gave it to Headmaster Wilbeck as a generous donation in return for a percentage as a cut.”
I groaned. “How much of the money actually ended up in the orphanage anyway? With you buying your books and material and giving a cut to a guy you barely know, I doubt even half the amount made it to the headmaster.”
“I didn’t have any other choice. No way in hell would Olivia take money from us. She’d just start bombarding us with questions.”
“It’s Headmaster Wilbeck,” I corrected, thumping my friend’s head.
“Besides, I got a few books that you could use too! Check it out!” Nico exclaimed, pointing to a small pile of books behind him with his thumb.”
“Oh!” I could feel my eyes light up as I reached for the books. “Very well. This magnimous gentlemen will forgive you.”
“It’s magnanimous,” Nico chortled, shaking his head.
Unable to think of a witty comeback, I decided to let it go when the room began shaking.
I groaned. “Don’t tell me—”
“Yup, it’s Cecilia again. She’s having another accident,” Nico said.
As the rhythmless waves of shaking continued, we remained in our beds. “It’s longer than usual this time,” I pointed out.
Nico got up and put on his glove. “Let’s go check it out.”
“It’s dangerous! Remember what happened to one of the volunteers that tried to hold her down?”
“Yup! That bear of a man couldn’t even make it near her.” Nico shook his head from the painful memory. “I just can’t stand having to wait like this until Cecilia passes out. I can’t imagine how much it’s hurting her.”
I let out a sigh and got up as well when a thought struck me. My lips curved up into a smirk. “You like her, don’t you?”
“No way! I don’t even know the girl!”
I didn’t respond as my smile widened.
Nico’s brows twitched. “All right! I just think she’s a little pretty. That’s all!”
“Mhmm,” I shrugged, dodging a slap from my friend.
Pieces of broken plaster from the ceiling rained throughout the hallway as the entire orphanage shook.
I spotted Theda and Odo hiding underneath the dining table along with some of the other younger children on our way to Cecilia’s room.
Veering left at the end of the hallway, Nico and I stopped in front of an iron door that stood isolated, away from all of the other rooms in the giant house. Headmaster Wilbeck was already there with a few of the adult volunteers that helped clean and maintain the orphanage.
The shaking had intensified, and one the volunteers named Randall, a kind and burly man in his prime that helped out with the garden, prepared to go inside as another worker was about to open the door.
There was no way that Randall would be able to make it to Cecilia with the intensity of this outbreak. Snatching the glove off of Nico’s hand, I bolted for the door.
“Wha—Grey!” Nico called out.
Before anyone had a chance to react, I zipped past Randall and into the room as soon as the door opened. Once inside, my body sidestepped on instinct, barely dodging a force that sent Randall crashing against the corridor wall. I had heard about Cecelia’s peculiarity but going against it head on made the stories sound like a bedtime story.
Bracing myself, I ran toward the center of the large room where Cecilia laid, convulsing while a look of panic struck her face as she spotted me. This mysterious girl that Headmaster Wilbeck had brought was an irregularity amongst ki users. While even the most capable practitioner would, at best, be able to produce a small gust of energy with his ki, Cecilia was able to send torrents of ki around her—that’s how vast her ki pool was.
However, she wasn’t able to control it, and from what the headmaster told me, the outbursts of ki happened at the slightest provocation of her emotions.
While many ki users would see this power as a gift, for a teenage girl like her, I could only see it as a curse.
Going solely on instinct, I was able to clumsily dodge the blasts of ki that shot at me. One hit and I would be unconscious at the very least.
Cold sweat rolled down my face as I played tag with a near-invisible force that had the power to break my bones like a twig.
I felt a slight breeze, making me instantly roll to my left. A loud thud resounded on the wall behind me as I narrowly dodged another burst of ki.
I stretched out my gloved hand, hoping I would be able to reach her, when my instincts kicked in once more and I jumped clumsily to the right.
Another thud echoed behind me as Cecilia’s stray surge of ki hit the wall.
“Y-You can’t!” Cecilia said through gritted teeth. “You’ll get h-hurt.”
Her bed, which she was laying on, had been demolished, as pillow stuffing and mattress foam lay scattered around the floor. I began crawling toward her, immediately rolling when I felt another burst of ki coming.
This time, though, the edge of the blast managed to skim my right arm.
I let out a restrained yell as I forced myself to crawl faster, ignoring my throbbing arm. Desperately reaching out with my left hand, I willed what little ki I could muster into the glove that Nico had made and prayed that my idea would work.
I was able to place my palm just above Cecilia’s stomach, where her ki center was. Exerting all of my ki, I felt Nico’s glove throb.
Cecilia let out a pained gasp, her almond-shaped eyes growing wide just before closing as she fell unconscious. Locks of Cecilia’s blonde hair fell over her face as her flushed cheeks began draining to her original creamy color.
I tried to stand up, but my body refused to listen from overexertion of ki.
How pitiful, I thought, before joining Cecilia in her slumber.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
“Sir! Please, wake up!” An unfamiliar voice startled me awake, dragging me out of the unwanted memories I had been dreaming of.
As my vision focused, I was barely able to make out the shape of a woman, her features shadowed by the sunlight directly cast to her face. “Sir! I’m begging you. Please, we need you washed and prepped for Commander Virion’s speech!”
The handmaid shook my arm gently as I turned away from her, still half asleep.
“Move out of the way. I’ll wake him up,” a familiar voice grunted as a loud crackle resounded from his direction.
I immediately sprung to my feet, catching the projectile of lightning in my hand.
“Bairon. A displeasure to see you again,” I said sharply, still in a foul mood from my argument with Tessia yesterday.
“I see you’ve learned some new tricks,” Bairon responded with his hand still outstretched.
It had been over two years since I had last seen the blonde lance. He hadn’t changed much, except he had cut his hair short and the scowl on his face was even harsher.
“Don’t you know it’s dishonorable to attack someone behind their back?” I asked, hopping off my bed.
“Well, we’re in times of war,” he shrugged before turning around and heading out the door. “Now get changed. The rest of the lances are already by the teleportation gate.”
I watched as Bairon, whose brother I had killed, walked out of my room. He and I would always have our differences, but I got what he meant when he said that we were in times of war: both of us were invaluable allies.
The handmaid timidly approached me. “S-Sir, please. I’d hate to keep nagging but—”
“It’s okay, Rosa. I just got direct consent from Commander Virion to speed up the process,” another, much bulkier handmaid interrupted as she stomped in, pulling a large cart covered by a sheet.
The handmaid named Rosa switched glances between her coworker and me. “A-Are you sure, Milda? I don’t think we should do anything to offend—”
Milda held up a meaty finger to silence her associate. She then turned to me with a stern gaze as she rolled up the sleeves of her blouse. “Now, Sir. If you’re not in the mood or you’re not capable of washing yourself, I’ll be more than happy to get into the shower with you and wash you.”
I inadvertently took a step back in horror. “No, no. I’m very much in the mood to wash myself.”
“Very good,” she said. “After you wash, please dress in this set of armor Lord Aldir prepared for the speech today.”
Milda dramatically removed the sheet covering the cart she had brought in, revealing a mannequin dressed stunningly in a suit of armor that I would soon be wearing.


Chapter 145

Chapter 145
Chapter 145: From The Balcony
“I look ridiculous,” I grumbled, hobbling closer to the mirror to study myself.
The plated armor was gaudy and inefficient in design. My chest and shoulders were protected by a silver pauldron and a gorget that reached up to my chin, allowing for only minimal movement of my neck. Even more restricting, my hip and thighs were guarded by a tasset that prohibited me from raising my legs. The subtle detailings on my gauntlets and greaves matched the ones on my breastplate and a blazing red cape fell down to the back of my knees, covering the large, decorative sword strapped to my lower back.
“You look awe-inspiring, Sir,” the timid handmaid praised as she began tying up my hair.
“Anyone who can fight proficiently while wearing this death trap deserves my respect,” I replied, trying to lift my arms above my shoulders.
‘Well, at least you’ll look impressive to the crowd,’ Sylvie pointed out from my bed, still half-asleep.
‘Zip it! You’re lucky I’m not making you wear any armor,’ I shot back.
‘My scales are my armor.’ Sylvie arched her back, stretching like a cat as she nimbly hopped off the bed.
“There! All done,” the handmaid announced, carefully placing a golden band to secure my hair in place. “This armor is not only majestic, it has many protective runes engraved into it!”
“I understand the armor, but must I have this sword on me as well? I have one, and it’s a pretty nice one too!” I said, taking out Dawn’s Ballad from my dimension ring.
The timid handmaid rubbed her short brown hair as her eyes shifted away uncomfortably. “I-It’s very pretty, Sir, but—”
“It’s too thin! It doesn’t make you look powerful!” the bear-like handmaid cut in, firmly securing my pauldron with her meaty hands. “Perfect. You’re all good to go!”
I gazed down at my teal-bladed sword, forged masterfully by an eccentric asura, and slid it back into its sheath before taking a deep breath and putting it back into my dimension ring.
As I walked stiffly out of the room, Sylvie, still reluctant to talk unless we were completely alone, chirped in my head.‘I bet you’re going to impress the crowd with your new armor!’
‘I’m hoping to stay at the sidelines through this whole speech. I know that Virion wanted all the main players here today to raise morale, but I think the lances are enough for that,’ I thought back as we made our way down the empty hallway.
The residents and most of the workers inside the castle had been escorted through the gate earlier this morning so they could find a seat in the crowd. I didn’t get a chance to see my family today, but they did leave a message with that timid handmaid saying they looked forward to seeing me up on the balcony.
‘I can’t believe Virion decided to have the speech done at Etistin, though. Isn’t that where the Alacryan ships are heading?’ Sylvie voiced, concerned as she nestled on my shoulder.
‘I think it makes sense. It’s a bit of a wild card, but if done right—and I’m sure that’s what Virion is shooting for—the crowd will see our force as much more imposing up close than their ships from afar.’
‘I guess.’
Even walking down the stairs became a task in this bulky armor, and I became more and more tempted to just jump down the center of the spiral staircase, regardless of who might inconveniently be at the bottom.
The sharp ringing of my metal greaves on the stone pathway toward the teleportation room echoed throughout the narrow corridor, alerting the two guards stationed of my presence. Once I reached the familiar iron doors, both the augmenter and conjurer guard welcomed me with a courteous bow as they began unlocking the imposing entranceway to the circular room.
“Everyone is waiting inside,” the augmenter announced as he slid open the metal door, revealing the central figures of this war.
It was quite a sight as Bairon Wykes, Varay Aurae, and Aya Grephin, the three remaining Lances, stood, clad in decorated white armor just as gaudy as mine.
I noticed that Virion, who was closest to the teleportation gate, had shed his black mourning robe, replacing it was a lavish olive tunic that draped down past his knees over a pair of silken white trousers. The tunic wasn’t without noble adornment; it was lined with aureate trimming that matched the golden sash wrapped around his waist. A bronze circlet lay snugly just above his brows while his hair fell loosely over his shoulders in a curtain of white.
Standing adjacent to the commander, the pinnacle of authority surrounding this war, were his son and father of Tess, Alduin Eralith, and his wife, Merial.
Alduin wore a silver tunic of similar decoration and design to his father’s while Merial wore an elegant silver dress obviously meant to match with her husband.
“Look who finally decided to show up,” Virion said with an approving nod as he gazed at my attire.
“Commander Virion.” I dipped my head respectfully, turning toward Tess’s parents. “King Alduin and Queen Merial. It’s been a while.”
“That it has,” Alduin smiled, rubbing his chin as he regarded me with a scrutinizing eye while Merial responded with a faint nod.
I then turned to Blaine and Priscilla Glayder, the former King and Queen of Sapin.
“King Blaine and Queen Priscilla. It’s been even longer,” I said with a polite smile, bowing as much as my armor would allow me to.
Blaine had aged since the last time I saw him. More streaks of grey lined his mane of fiery maroon hair. Silken black tunic underneath large gunmetal pauldrons that covered his shoulders and collar gave him an intimidating aura. His wife, Priscilla, on the other hand, had chosen to wear a fluttery black dress lined with engravings of silver flowers. Her black hair was tied up, exposing her neck that seemed almost pure white in contrast to her dark attire.
The two kings and queens couldn’t look and feel any more different, but each of them held an air of dignity that could only stun the crowd that was waiting for them.
“You’ve grown,” Merial pointed out, her sharp eyes seeming to look through me rather than at me.
“Growing comes with age,” I replied.
“Of course it does,” Blaine grunted. “And you’ll continue to grow, not just in height but in strength, which is what I need from one of my best soldiers.”
I glanced back at Bairon and Varay, Blaine’s lances, and shook my head. “Regardless of my roots or race, with a war of this scale, I’d like to consider myself a soldier to this continent.”
“It’s finally nice to you meet you, Arthur.” An elderly dwarf that had been standing hunched alongside Virion and the two kings and queens stepped forward, getting between Blaine and me as he extended a hand.
While he only came up to my sternum, he stood ramrod straight with his shoulders squared, making him seem taller than he actually was. He had a scar that ran down the left side of his face, running through his closed left eye all the way down to his jaw. However, the eye that was open exuded a gentle quality, undermining his rugged appearance.
I accepted his large hand, noticing the sandpaper-like texture of his palms. “I apologize for my ignorance, but I don’t think I’ve had the pleasure of meeting you.”
“My name is Rahdeas, and no, you haven’t,” he chuckled. “But I’ve heard quite a bit about you from the letters that Elijah sent back.”
My eyes widened in realization. “Then you must be—”
“Yes. I’m the one that took the child in when he was an infant.” He looked at me with a solemn smile that sent a sharp pain through my chest.
‘That’s Elijah’s guardian?’ Sylvie voiced in my head, surprised.
“I-I’m sorry I couldn’t get there in time to help him,” I said, lowering my gaze as I ignored my bond.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
Rahdeas shook his head. “It’s not your fault. That child was always a magnet for trouble.”
Clasping his hand with both hands now, I stared straight into his eyes. “If he’s still alive, I’ll be sure to bring him back to you. I give you my word.”
“Thank you,” he whispered, letting go of my hands that somehow seemed so fragile now.
“Rahdeas is the new delegate for the dwarves. We’ll be going on ahead first,” Virion spoke. “The gatekeeper will receive my transmission and signal you to go through when the time is right.”
As the six of them walked through the gate, the teleportation room became silent. I made a mental note to make sure to spend some more time with Rahdeas. I was curious as to what young Elijah and the man that raised him were like.
Suddenly, I felt a light tap on my shoulder, or rather, I heard a light tap on my shoulder plate. Turning around, I came face to face with the lance named Aya Grephin.
“We’ve seen each other before, but I’ve never given you the pleasure of introducing myself,” she smiled coyly, tucking her wavy black hair behind her ear as she dangled a hand for me to accept. “My name is Aya Grephin.”
There was something off about her voice. An enticing timbre of faint sweetness spoken in a volume where you wanted to lean closer to her to hear what she had to say. From the allure in her voice to way she carried herself that made her seem irresistible. Every motion she made with her hands and fingers made my eyes focus on them, but it didn’t feel natural. I felt the magic in her voice.
“Well then,” I smiled, taking a step back. “It’s a pleasure being formally introduced, Aya Grephin.” I knew she was waiting for a kiss on the back of her hand, but I grabbed her hand and shook it instead.
“I hope we can get along,” she said, her smile unwavering as she snapped her hand back. Watching her turn around and stride back to her original spot, hips swaying, I couldn’t help but grow uneasy.
Apart from her pretentious seductiveness, just by being near her, I knew the remaining elf lance was no joke. I had seen for myself that Varay was stronger than Bairon, but I’d yet to see Aya fight. From what I’d been told, and by her lance code, Phantasm, she was supposedly one of the deadliest of the lances. Being up close to her and having her stare at me, it was easy to see those claims weren’t baseless.
“I see your training has gone well. You’ve just stepped out of the initiate silver stage and into mid-silver,” Varay, who had been silently studying me, finally spoke.
In contrast to Aya, Varay held herself in a very reserved and dignified manner. I had noticed that she had cut her long, white hair short, just past her neck. Varay’s bangs were pinned to the side, revealing a small scar just above her right brow that anyone could’ve missed if they weren’t looking closely.
Her dark brown eyes were sharp and pointed while her brows seemed to be perpetually furrowed as she continued peering at me.
Sylvie hunched over, baring her small fangs at the lance. ‘It’s okay, Sylv. She’s an ally, remember?’
“I’ve yet a long way to go if I want to get into white stage,” I said to Varay, prying my eyes away from her intense gaze.
“Not as long as you might think,” the white-haired lance responded.
“What does that—”
“Gatekeeper! How much longer are we to wait?” Bairon interrupted as he impatiently tapped his armor-clad foot on the ground.
“G-General Bairon,” the elderly gatekeeper flinched. “Commander Virion has not—Ah! I just received word from him now. Please enter!”
Bairon made his way toward the teleportation gate first, eager to be out of this confining room.
‘Well that was uncomfortable,’ Sylvie thought.
‘Tell me about it.’ I motioned for Aya and Varay to go ahead of me. The curvy elf threw me a wink as she swayed past me while Varay’s expression remained stone as she looked at me and Sylvie.
As I stepped through the teleportation gate, the scene around me blurred. Upon arrival, I couldn’t help but cringe at the sudden difference in noise level. Cheers erupted from below as the castle or structure we were evidently in trembled.
Sylvie and I had arrived in a large rectangular room that led out to the large balcony Virion and the rest of the kings and queens stood, waving down at the crowd. It wasn’t just them—next to their parents were Tess, Curtis, and Kathyln, all waving at the immense crowd that I could see even from back here.
“Please, Generals, get ready to go on Commander Virion’s signal,” a thin handmaid instructed as she fixed Aya’s hair which had gotten blown back by the frigid ocean wind.
“Generals?” I asked to the handmaid, confused.
“Arthur, Lady Sylvie, I see that you both are finally here,” a familiar voice called out from behind.
Looking back over my shoulder, I spotted Aldir seated in front of a tea set, a cup in his hand while his third eye stared at me.
“I see that you’re staying in the shadows,” I greeted the asura as Sylvie dipped her small head in a nod.
“That is my job,” he said, holding up his cup in a solitary toast.
“Well, can you tell me what my job right now is? Because I’m not a lance, which means I’m not a general.”
“Patience. You just have to wait five seconds,” he said, pouring himself another cup from the pot.
The cheers had died down by now as Virion began speaking. “Many of you have traveled far to be here, and that fills me with pride. As you all may have noticed, standing beside me are your leaders, the very people that have protected this continent as well as the ones that will protect this continent in the future.”
Another wave of cheers erupted as Rahdeas, the Glayder family and the Eralith family waved once more.
“However, while these are the heroes you see in the light, there are heroes of the shadows that continuously risk their lives to fight for this continent. I’d like you all to help me welcome the Lances of Dicathen!”
Varay, Aya, and Bairon marched out to the edge of the balcony with their heads held high and shoulders square while Virion and the royal families all turned to greet them.
An even louder ovation exploded as the three lances came into view. The chaotic array of shouts and cheers soon became a collective chant that grew louder and louder.
“LANCE-ES, LANCE-ES, LANCE-ES.”
After minutes of continuous chanting, Virion raised a hand, silencing the hundreds of thousands—if not millions—of humans, elves and dwarves alike.
“Everyone! We are in a time of war,” Virion spoke sternly after a moment of silence. “I know that half of the Lances are absent, and that is not by mistake. Some are in the middle of a mission and were not able to come.”
I exchanged glances with Aldir at Virion’s lie, but I made no remark. I knew what revealing one of the lances had already been killed would do to the crowd.
Virion continued.“The Lances have constantly shed blood and tears to keep Dicathen safe, but it is in these uncertain times that we can no longer just rely on the strong. We must fight together in order to keep our homes safe.
“At the inauguration of the Lances almost four years ago, we made a promise saying the title of a lance would not be predetermined by birth or status, but earned through hard work, talent, and strength. Today is the marking of a new era, and with that new era comes new heroes. One such hero has been discovered and is here with us today. Please, welcome with me, our newest lance: Arthur Leywin!”


Chapter 146

Chapter 146
Chapter 146: Speech and Statement
Virion, Rahdeas, the lances, and the two royal families all turned to me as I walked up towards the balcony edge. The applause rose to a deafening crescendo at my appearance as Virion waited for me at the very end.
While Bairon and Varay had calloused expressions on their faces as they let me through, Aya’s lips curled into a coy smile as she nodded approvingly.
Tess’s expression was still brusque from yesterday’s argument, while Kathyln’s eyes creased in a rare smile. Her brother, Curtis, waved while his parents and the rest of the central figures on the balcony joined the crowd’s applause.
As I stepped foot out into the balcony, the morning sun shone brightly overhead, covering the world below in a blanket of light. As my eyes adjusted, I couldn’t help but marvel at the sight.
The millions of people—humans, elves, and dwarves alike—gathered together, as if touching the horizon. Clustered tightly, hoping to just be inches closer to their continent’s leaders. An air of excitement, respect and jubilance could be felt all the way up here.
“What?” Virion smirked. “Never had a crowd of over a million people cheer for you?”
I shook my head with a helpless smile on my face, thinking to myself how many times I had in my past life. “Was this your idea?”
“Why? Are you angry?” Virion turned to the crowd, nudging me forward so the people below could get a better view of me.
“If it was anyone other than you? Yes.”
“Good. Now keep smiling and wave at them. They can see you on a wide-scale projection behind us.”
Taking a quick glance at the enormous projection behind me, I couldn’t help but think of Emily Watsken when she had disclosed to me in class that she was the one that designed this apparition. Looking back ahead, I raised an arm and waved to the mass, Sylvie following suit atop my shoulder.
The thundering cheers slowly softened to a buzz of excitement as everyone except Virion and I stepped back toward the back of the balcony. “Now. You wouldn’t happen to have a speech ready for the upcoming war, right?”
“You’re kidding me, right?” I struggled to maintain a calm smile.
“I want you to be the one presenting the announcement,” Virion said, his voice unwavering as he handed me the voice amplifying artifact he had clipped onto his collar.
“Virion. I can’t.” My voice faltered as the people below waited excitedly for someone to speak. “I haven’t even prepared myself to accept this position as a lance let alone give a speech as one.”
“I didn’t want you to prepare. These are your people, Arthur. You grew up amongst them and they’ll listen to you with much more sincerity and empathy than if some spoonfed noble spoke.”
“That’s only if I deliver a well thought-out speech,” I argued as I turned to shake Virion’s hand as an excuse to prolong the inevitable.
“I trust you. Just speak from your heart.” Virion stepped back as the trickle of cheers silenced into an anxious rest.
While even the closest people in the mass were no larger than the nail of my thumb from where I was standing, I was still able to find my parents amongst them with my sister riding atop Boo’s large shoulder.
The apprehension that came with unpreparedness dwindled as I locked eyes with my mother. Even with augmented vision, I was barely able to make out the gentle smile on her face, but that was enough.
I knew what to say.
Letting out a deep breath, I stood at the edge of the castle balcony and turned on the voice amplifying artifact.
A loud buzz resounded, telling me that the artifact was now on. I took another step forward so I was leaning forward on the balcony rail, waiting patiently for the last of the cheers to subside.
“Despite my age, I’ve read countless books on this continent’s history and economy. Yet, in none of those books does it explain what makes their citizens love their country. Some historians have speculated that it’s because they were born there that they have a natural inclination toward their homeland. One author by the name of Jespik Lempter argued that there is an intricate trickledown effect that starts from the leaders being able to provide for their people, down to parents being able to feed their children. He stated that as long as that flow of security in livelihood is kept, natural loyalty to their providing country is kept.
“I tell you this because I disagree with both claims. I believe that loyalty isn’t a calculated maneuver by the citizens and neither is it so singular that lives can be risked based on the area someone was born in. I think it’s rather presumptuous to even try to find a single, all-encompassing formula for loyalty.
“But one thing is certain: loyalty is always easier when times are easy. It’s easy to cheer for your king when your children are well-fed and your land is prosperous. It’s easy to rally behind an army when you know it’s going to win. But this isn’t like those times. Through this war, your loyalty to this country—to this entire continent—will be tested, because there will be times when you’ll be faced with a choice between dying with your people, or hoping to live with your enemies.” The air amongst the crowd darkened as my voice fell into a whisper, but I continued.
“The fact that I’m up here right now speaks for the choice that I’m going to make when that time comes for me, but it isn’t because of my title as a lance. My loyalty wasn’t bought, nor was it freely given. My loyalty to this continent and to everyone in it was nurtured from my childhood in the countryside, then as an adventurer, then a student, then a teacher, and now, it’ll be proven as a lance.
“Sure, this continent and its leaders have their flaws, but what no one can say is that they haven’t tried. The joining of the three kingdoms to form the Council would’ve been unheard of a few generations ago, yet the leaders of the three races put aside their pride and differences to unite and share the resources amongst one another to better this continent and those that live in it. While discrimination may still exist, this land we live in belongs to all of us, and just beyond this city is an army aboard over a hundred ships approaching our shores. We’ve been given an option to either give up the lives of all the royal families that have served this continent in exchange for taking our land without a fight or to presume with this war on a greater, much more devastating scale.
“Commander Virion was ready to give up his own life to protect this continent—to protect you—but I said it wasn’t his call since this doesn’t only affect his and his family’s lives, but everyone’s lives here.”
I turned around and motioned for Virion and everyone else to come forward. “I would rather fight and risk dying for the life I’ve come to love here rather than betray my brethren in hopes of a promise that our enemies—enemies that have already separated families—may or may not keep.
But I dare not speak for everyone in this continent. The only thing I can say with full confidence is that, if given the chance, every one of us up here will fight to our last breaths to protect this continent from the likes of those who dare invade us.”
It was utter quiet for what seemed like hours until a single voice broke the silence.
“Long live Dicathen.”
That single proclamation set off an eruption. As if the crowd of over a million people had choreographed their cheer, a thundering chant resounded, shaking the ground and very castle we were in.
“Long live Dicathen. Long live Dicathen. Long live Dicathen.”
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
I turned off the voice amplifying artifact and let out a deep breath of relief when Sylvie hopped off my shoulder.
As the cheer grew to its climax, my bond transformed from her pearly fox form into that of an almighty dragon.
It was when she spread out her wings that I was shown once again how much she had grown over the years. Her wingspan surpassed the width of the balcony as gales blasted down at the crowd with each beat of her black wings.
While I was startled that she would reveal herself now without giving me any notice, I played along and unsheathed the giant sword on my back and held it high in the air, just as my bond faced the sky and let loose a thunderous roar that shook the very air around us, instilling fear and awe to the people gathered below us.
Although Sylvie’s meddling immediately disrupted the crowd’s chanting, an even louder cheer erupted at our powerful display
I turned back around to see wide eyes at the turn of events.
“I thought you didn’t have anything prepared,” Virion said with a raised brow.
I shrugged in response as Sylvie shrank back to her pup form and hopped onto my shoulder. “I didn’t.”
‘I did good, right?’ Sylvie chirped in my mind.
‘You got the message across, show-off,’ I replied, tousling the fur on my bond’s little head.
Curtis came up to me, beaming in excitement. “That last bit was terrific. I mean, I heard that Sylvie was a dragon from the students that were there at school when we were attacked but…”
The prince let out a wistful sigh as he shifted glances between Sylvie and me before stepping forward to wave at the captivated mass roaring our names.
After several minutes of receiving the crowd’s cheers, we slowly retreated back into the castle. As I walked back, I couldn’t help but notice Tess stride off, heading back toward the teleportation gate we had come from without a word to any of us.
“I take it that Tessia is still mad at me?” I asked Virion, who was walking alongside me.
“Mad, frustrated, annoyed, offended—I’m not sure which, but I do know that whatever she’s feeling towards you isn’t good,” he chuckled. “Now, I’m sure you you have some things to take care of with your family, but I need you back at the castle as soon as you’re done.”
“I’ll be back at the castle as soon as I send my parents off, but I’m still not sure whether it’d be best to keep my sister in the castle or have her go with my parents,” I said.
“There are quite a lot of children and mothers that are going to be in the castle. Some of them are even teachers at magic academies, so it might be beneficial for her to stay there, but that’s only if she’s okay with being separated from you and your parents,” he noted.
“Yeah, you have a point. I’ll try to convince her.”
Virion nodded as he dug into the inside pocket of his robe. “There’s one last thing that you need to think about.”
He pulled his hand out and opened it in front of me to reveal a black coin the size of his palm. The coin glimmered at the slightest movement, drawing my attention to the complex engravings that were etched all over it. “This is one of the artifacts that were handed down to me. I had given this and the other artifact to my son when I resigned from the throne, but after Alea’s death, he gave this back to me, saying I should choose the next lance.”
I stood there silently for a moment, mesmerized by the oval coin that seemed to pulse in Virion’s hand. “So this is the artifact that Alea had?”
“Yes. Bonding it with your blood and mine will trigger it, giving you the boost that allowed all the other lances to break into the white stage. I know you’re not an elf, but I’d be honored if you’d serve as a lance under me.”
My hands twitched, tempted to accept his gift that would give me a better chance to fight the Four Scythes and their retainers.
Letting out a sigh, I shook my head. “I’ll fight for you even without this bond, but I can’t take this. I may regret it, but it doesn’t feel right for me to cheat my way into the white stage. I’ll get there on my own.”
“Good choice,” the familiar, hoarse voice of a certain asura chimed in from behind me.
I looked back over my shoulder to see the purple-eyed asura walk over, his arms behind his back.
“Lord Aldir,” Virion bowed curtly, his palm still open for the asura to see.
Aldir lifted the coin from his hand and studied it with a downward glance. “While this artifact may give you a tremendous boost in strength, it greatly inhibits the potential to grow further.”
The asura tossed the coin back to Virion as he continued speaking. “Normally, I’d recommend that any lessers take the opportunity to use this, especially in these dangerous times, but Arthur, you’re a different case. Your talent aside, in you Lady Sylvie’s dragon blood courses through your veins, and the powerful will of her mother inside your mana core. It may serve as a risk during the war, but I’d suggest you don’t take it.”
“Thank you for the heads up,” I replied. Taking a look around, I noticed that, while Blaine and Priscilla Glayder remained here, Curtis and Kathyln, along with Tess and her parents were gone.
“Are you heading back to the castle right now as well?” I asked Virion.
Virion nodded solemnly. “There’s much to prepare for. Blaine and Priscilla will help prepare this city with the help of their lances in the meantime. We won’t know where exactly they’ll land or how spread out they’re going to be, but it’s vital that we protect this city. Fortunately, the ships are still a few days away.”
“I understand. I’ll meet you back as soon as I’ve taken care of everything here.”
As Virion and Aldir prepared to go through the teleportation gate, the white-haired asura turned back, matching my gaze with his single, purple eye. “Arthur, are you ready for this war?”
My lips curled up into smirk as I let out a chuckle. “No, but I don’t plan on losing to those damn Vritras.”
Aldir smiled in return and turned back around. “Good. That’s what I like to hear.”


Chapter 147

Chapter 147
Chapter 147: Role
As Virion and Aldir headed back to the castle, I remained behind to wish my mother and father, who were insistent about rejoining the Twin Horns and helping out in the war, off. As we said our goodbyes, I had tried to dissuade them from going near the western shore where the fighting would be the heaviest, but they were against it.
What frustrated me was that I couldn’t blame them for it either; for them, this land was their home and protecting it was only natural. For me, maybe there was a certain amount of detachment despite growing up here since I remembered my previous life. I treated Dicathen as my home because this was where my family was, and it was a large factor as to why I decided to fight against the Vritra.
Removing the last of my armor, I sank down into my seat and let out a deep breath.
“Damn it,” I cursed, rubbing my temples.
“Getting into an argument with them wasn’t the best way to part,” Sylvie spoke as she laid down, resting her head on her paws from the top of the polished tea table.
“Thank you for enlightening me”—I rolled my eyes—“I just don’t understand why they wouldn’t listen to my advice. I didn’t say anything wrong.”
“You basically told them to go off into some remote area and stay hidden,” she replied.
“Those were not the words I used,” I retorted, kicking off my boots.
“But that’s what you meant.”
“I just want them to stay safe,” I murmured, conceding.
Sylvie hopped off the tea table and onto the armrest of my chair. “If they were more concerned about their own safety, your parents wouldn’t have cared to join the war.”
“Well, I’m more concerned about my family’s safety than this war. I’m thankful that they’re at least leaving Ellie behind, but that doesn’t mean they should just go out risking their lives.”
My bond nodded her head. “I know.”
“I’m just hoping that they know I’m concerned for them as their son, not as some…” I let my voice trail off as I let out another deep sigh.
“It’s going to be hard for them to discern now that they know,” Sylvie said softly, placing a comforting paw on my arm.
I sank lower into my seat as I stared at my bond for a moment. “When exactly did you figured out what I was, anyway?”
“I think I’ve always known, but I just could never come up with the term to describe it. We do share thoughts, after all.”
“Every thought?” I asked, stunned.
“Mhmm.”
“But you only answered when I directly spoke to you. And I don’t hear your thoughts unless you’re speaking directly to my mind.”
“For me, speaking to your mind is much like speaking out loud. I’ve learned to keep some thoughts hidden; I can’t say the same for you though,” she giggled.
My eyes grew wide in horror. “That means—”
“Do I know about your constant emotional turmoil when it comes to Tessia? Yup,” she grinned.
I let out a groan.
“Don’t worry. I’ve listened to all of your fleeting thoughts since I was born. I didn’t start understanding until a bit later, but I’ve grown used to it over the years,” she consoled, her sharp teeth still showing as her grin remained.
“Well, I haven’t ‘grown used to’ anything at all,” I grumbled.
Sylvie’s grin faded as she stared at me with her bright yellow eyes. “We’re going to battle soon. Grandfather told me while training me that while I’m still far from reaching the level of a true asura, his blood still runs through me. This means that, while I can fight alongside you in this war, I’m not invincible. The best way to stay alive is to rely on each other.”
“Of course,” I said, confused by what brought this on.
“I’m saying this because I have things that I’ve hidden from you—things I’ve just found out recently, and I feel like you’re the only one that I can trust with my life,” she replied, reading my mind.
“Sylv, you know that you can trust me with whatever it is. I’ve raised you since you were born, after all.”
“Thank you.” My bond hopped off the armrest and onto my seat and rested her head on my lap.
There was a moment of silence as I pondered what she said. I knew she could read my thoughts but, as she mentioned, it really didn’t matter. No matter how curious I was, I didn’t bother asking her what these ‘things’ were that she had found out; she would’ve already told me if she wanted to. What worried me was the fact that this was the first time she had expressed any sort of fear for her life. Despite our numerous encounters with dangerous situations, she had always remained strong and fearless, but now, I could feel her apprehension toward this war.
I gently stroked Sylvie’s soft head. “How did you get so smart anyway? It seems like ever since coming back from Epheotus, you’ve had this huge growth. And don’t get me started on your growing ego.”
“You’re just bitter because you’re taking life advice from a fox younger than you. And I’ve always been a fast learner—why do you think I always stayed on top of your head?”
“So you were learning by observing our surroundings?” I asked.
“Yup. And it helps that you know a lot and I have free access to your thoughts,” she confirmed as she nestled in closer to my leg.
I could tell she was tired so, while I had a thousand questions about her seemingly sudden change in demeanor, I knew I had to wait.
My eyes remained focused on the steady breathing of my bond as she slept soundly. She hadn’t really changed much. There was still a sense of immaturity in her voice despite the change in the way she spoke; It felt like she was forcing herself to become more mature.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
I wasn’t sure what Lord Indrath had drilled into my bond while training her but one thing was for sure—she had become aware that she was an asura.
As Sylvie’s breathing became slower and more rhythmic, I leaned my head back on the chair, staring up at the flat ceiling of my room as I organized my thoughts.
While Virion and the rest didn’t know this, Windsom had told me what Agrona and the rest of his clan was like. He and the rest of the Vritra had been experimenting on what the asuras called ‘lesser races’ even before they had escaped to Alacrya. The few accounts of mages that had appeared at the Wall weren’t anything special, but I knew they were simply cannon fodder meant to create mayhem with the mana beasts under their control to divide our forces.
If what Windsom said was true, then the horde of ships approaching our shores would include mages with asura blood coursing through their veins. And this was centuries ago. I could only imagine how much they had progressed since then and what they would do to the people of Dicathen if the Vritra won this siege. This place would just become a breeding ground for soldiers that Agrona would use to conquer Epheotus.
“Arthur.”
The hoarse baritone voice snapped me out of my thoughts. “Isn’t there some sort of etiquette to knock when entering someone’s room, or at least using the door for that matter?”
“The tone of your response tells me things didn’t go well with the business that you had to take care of?” Aldir said as he calmly took on the couch across from me.
“Why are you here? I thought you would be with the Council,” I said, ignoring his words.
“There is something that I need from you,” Aldir replied, his glowing purple eye’s piercing gaze directed at me.
I stared back, my gaze unwavering. “And what is that?”
There was a tense silence until Aldir let out a sigh.
“Your help,” Aldir admitted. “Lord Indrath told me to rely on your judgment throughout the course of this war, and after your speech earlier, I think I understand why.”
“What did Lord Indrath mean when he said to rely on my judgment?” I asked. As I sat up, Sylvie stirred awake but drifted back to sleep almost immediately after.
“Lord Indrath realized that your contribution to this war shouldn’t be limited to just being a sword. While there will be times when you’ll be needed in the field, sending you out to every battle that occurs will only tire you out. The times when you won’t be needed, you’ll be by my side in the council, strategizing with us and giving us your input.”
“Let me get this straight; you want a sixteen-year-old making life-changing decisions with the Council?” I scoffed.
“Aside from the fact that you are just a lesser, you’re not a normal child. Don’t think that this eye is just a pretty decoration. I knew there was something off about you the first time we’d met, but it was only by Lord Indrath’s words that I had realized just how much.”
“Is there something I get in return for helping you?” I asked, resting my head on my hand.
Aldir’s eye narrowed. “I came in good faith to ask for your help, but it is to both of our benefit that you cooperate. Losing this war means either dying, getting enslaved, or worse. Not just for you, but for your loved ones as well.”
“You could’ve at least thrown me a bone,” I sighed. “Yeah, I’ll help, but I’m not sure how much of my advice the Council is willing to listen to. Virion might listen, but everyone else…”
“Let me worry about that,” Aldir replied. “Besides, you won’t only be in meetings. I have other plans for you as well.”
“When you say ‘other plans’ like that, it sounds kind of ominous,” I chuckled.
“As I said; you are a powerhouse in this war—maybe more so than the lances given a few years. I would certainly not waste your abilities by having you sit through those lessers—I mean the Council—bicker with one another.”
I shook my head and let out a helpless laugh. “It must be frustrating for you, being here and restrained from helping despite the amount of manpower you could provide just by yourself.”
“My time will come. If the defense of this siege is successful, then our army of asuras will be able to take care of Agrona and his weakened force with the help of the Dicathen army.”
“It seems like this war is far from over,” I sighed.
“Yes, but this fight will be the start of a new era. If Dicathen wins and fights alongside us asuras, Agrona and his clan of traitors and mutts will fall and everyone will gain access to a new continent.”
Aldir sounded hopeful, almost excited, despite usual calm demeanor.
“You’ve lost someone to Agrona, haven’t you?” I asked, seeing the expression on the asura’s face.
“Many of us lost a loved one in that battle—no, it would be better described as a massacre,” Aldir answered, the brow underneath his third eye twitching.
“Well, you heard what I said to Virion; I have no intentions of losing this war, but if you’re going to ask my help in this, you need to trust in the advice that I do give.”
Letting out a laugh through his nose, he replied, “Never did I think that in all my years, a lesser would speak to me like this.”
“Well, these lessers are fighting your battles for you, so at least have the decency to call them by the names of their actual race,” I replied with a smirk.
“You ask for a lot, Arthur Leywin, but very well.” The white-haired asura stood up, smoothing out the creases in his ivory robe. “It’s about time I headed back down to the meeting room. It worries me every time I leave those less—people alone for too long. We will be expecting you shortly.”
I let out a chuckle. “Sure, I’ll go down soon, but I’m curious about something.”
“What is it?” the asura replied, looking back over his shoulder.
“The two remaining lances that couldn’t join us today. I know you said two years ago that they’re working under you, but you didn’t kill them or something, right?”
Aldir shook his head. “Even I wouldn’t be so rash as to kill a lance on a whim. While political envoys can be replaced, the power of a lance can take years to develop, even if they had a particularly high compatibility with the artifact. I planned on bringing up the subject on those two at the meeting, but since you brought it up, I’d like your input on this matter.”
I nodded fervently as the asura revealed what he had been planning by using the two lances, when an idea struck me. My lips curled into a wicked grin as I let out a devious laugh. “Not bad, but I have a better idea.”


Chapter 148

Chapter 148
Chapter 148: First Assignment
A cloud of frosty fog formed with each breath as I made my way toward the bustling encampment. The soldiers had set up their tents and lit fires behind a formation of large rocks standing over a couple dozen feet high underneath a cliff by the shore. The soft flickers of fires and trails of smoke stood out from the distance but the towering barricade of boulders served as a natural defense from anyone coming from the waters.
I could make out a few watchmen stationed atop the cliff overarching the camp, barely visible even with augmented vision due to the layer of haze surrounding the entire beach.
Wrapping the woolen cloak tightly around me, I shrouded myself in another layer of mana to keep the sharp winter winds away.
Almost there, I informed Sylvie, who was buried deep within the layers of my clothes.
My bond peeked her head out and almost immediately hid herself inside my cloak after letting out a sour grumble.
For such a mighty being, you’re sure weak to the cold, I teased, continuing the last leg of our trek.
‘You’re not the one that had to fly through that cursed wind. It feels like my wings have holes in them even in this form,’ she complained. ‘And I’m not weak to the cold; I just hate it.’
I let out a soft chuckle as I picked up my pace. Ever since we declined any sort of truce with Alacrya, Aldir couldn’t risk breaking the asura’s agreement by creating teleportation gates anymore. This meant that I had to rely on Sylvie for long distance transportation anywhere away from the already existing teleportation gates. I only had her transform a mile or so back as to not draw attention.
As per Virion’s request, I was to stay with this division and aid them in the unlikely scenario that Alacryan ships were sent this far down the coast. However, unbeknownst to him, I had added another item to his agenda.
Walking along the bottom of the cliff, I hid my presence. While most mages hid their presence by rescinding their mana, my training in Epheotus taught me that a perfect balance of mana output through my mana channels and mana input through my mana veins would allow me to stay hidden from even the most alert mana beasts while still being able to use mana.
I was able to spot a rather conspicuously large, house-shaped tent near the foot of the cliff where the formation of boulders met. Judging from the fact that the tent was located in the safest area of the large, semi-circular encampment and that it was three times the size of any of the other shoddy tents around, I could only assume it belonged to the captain.
As I arrived near the edge of the camp, I picked up a few broken pieces of wood along the way and naturally walked past the resting soldiers.
No one seemed to mind; with my hood up and an armful of branches and twigs, I probably looked like any other young soldier wishfully hoping to earn a title by contributing in the war.
Some of the seasoned soldiers, polishing their weapons and armor against the dainty firelight, glanced in my direction with little regard while a group of younger soldiers—obviously conjurers of noble descent based on their embellished attire and flashy staffs—jeered and smirked at my plain attire.
‘Those ignorant clowns have no idea who they’re scoffing at,’ Sylvie hissed as she peeked at their expressions. ‘They’re better off used as bait.’
Easy, I soothed. You sure learned some colorful insults from Lord Indrath.
As I walked deeper into the encampment, I passed through the cooking station. Large fires blazing inside earthen pits formed through magic were lined neatly with stews bubbled tantalizingly inside pots as large, barrel-chested men cleaved away at chunks of meat.
“Clear the pots for the skewered meat! Benfir and Schren, get ready to start handing out the stew!” A rather small-framed woman with a fierce expression roared out orders with a ladle in hand, held more like a weapon than a tool.
The ladle-wielding woman looked back over her shoulder as I passed by her. She gave me a respectful nod, which caught me by surprise since I had assumed no one would recognize who I was this far out from civilization.
I had almost arrived at the large tent in the farthest corner of the camp when the high-pitched clash of metal on metal drew my attention. Dropping the branches I had in my hands, I peered over the group of soldiers that had formed a circle around the source of the sounds, seeing two augmenters engaged in a friendly bout. The sharp shrieks of their swords drew sparks even with the layer of mana covering their blades while they parried each other’s strikes with obvious deft.
“You’ve gotten better, Cedry,” said the short-haired soldier. While he looked a bit shorter than me, his arms looked almost unnaturally long. He used his slender frame and long, flexible limbs to his advantage by delivering fast, irregular strikes with dual daggers.
“And yet, you’re still a pain to fight against, Jona,” the girl named Cedry replied with a confident smirk as she ducked Jona’s swipe. She was clearly at a disadvantage with her gauntlets against an opponent who excelled in long-ranged strikes, but she wasn’t losing.
As she nimbly ducked, weaved and parried Jona’s dual-wielding assault, something about her held my interest.
It wasn’t until I focused on her ears that I realized why I had felt that way.
She’s a half-elf, I pointed out to Sylvie, who had lost interest in the match and was back inside my cloak.
At my observation, my bond peeked her head back out. ‘Oh! She is. We haven’t come across one besides that ill-tempered Lucas.’
Ill-tempered is putting it lightly, I chuckled, my gaze still on the fight.
‘Shouldn’t we notify the captain of our arrival first?’ Sylvie reminded.
You’re right. I got side-tracked, I thought, turning away from the duel.
‘You always do when it comes to these kinds of fights,’ she teased.
There’s something about close combat that makes a fight exciting, unlike long-ranged conjuring, I agreed, walking back.
As we reached the large white tent, an armored guard gripping a halberd stopped me. “What business do you have in here?”
“Is this the captain’s tent?” I asked, my hood still covering half my face.
“I said, what business you have in here?” the guard repeated, his gaze unrelenting.
Letting out a deep breath, I held out a medallion.
Upon sight, the guard’s narrow eyes widened in shock. His gaze shifted from the gold medallion back to me with a look of horror at the blunder he had made. “I-I’m so so-sorry, Gen—”
“Shhh,” I mouthed before he could finish speaking. I held up my hand. “I don’t want my visit to cause a stir so let’s just keep this between us.”
“Y-Yes, sir,” he nodded furiously as he opened the flap to the tent.
As I stepped inside the spacious tent, a gust of warmth flooded my body. It felt as if a layer of ice was melting off my face as I removed my cloak. The first thing I couldn’t help but notice was the flare hawk nestled near the entrance.
‘I remember her,’ Sylvie chimed in my head as she hopped to the ground.
I turned to the woman sitting behind a small wooden desk, unconcerned of the intrusion.
“Professor Glory,” I greeted with a faint grin as she finally looked up, her face brightening at the sight of her old student. My old Team-Fighting Mechanics professor looked the same as always with her tanned complexion and brunette hair tied tightly behind her head. While she was wearing a light armor even inside the tent, her two giant swords leaned close by against a drawer behind her.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“It’s good to see you, General Leywin,” she smirked, coming around her desk.
“Please, just call me Arthur,” I said helplessly.
“Then I’d prefer if you just called me Vanesy,” she said, spreading out her arms. “After all, I’m not your professor anymore.”
Accepting her hug,I noted that this was my first time hearing Professor Glory’s first name. “Well then. Do you mind giving me a brief report of the situation here, Vanesy?”
Releasing me from her firm grasp, Vanesy acknowledged Sylvie with a polite nod before reaching behind her desk. After a moment of rummaging, she held out a rolled up parchment, but started speaking even before I could open it.
“Right now, it’s just me and my division of roughly three thousand. My division is on the smaller side but we have with us fifty-eight mages, twenty of whom are conjurers while ten are long-range augmenters to make up for the numbers,” she recited.
I nodded in understanding while skimming through the parchment. “There’s supposed to be one other captain along with you, right?”
“Captain Auddyr and his division are making the march up here from Maybur City. I can send out a transmission if you’d like,” my old professor answered.
“No need. Truth be told, I’m not even expecting a ship to veer off this far south,” I admitted, handing Vanesy back the parchment.
“I heard about your big plan set up for those Alacryan bastards up the coast,” she chuckled. “You think it’s going to work?”
“It’ll slow them down, and with any luck, sink a few of their ships.”
“A shame we won’t be there to see it,” she said regretfully. The bright-eyed professor that I had fought with down at Widow’s Crypt then pulled out a leather flask from her drawer, biting off the cork before gulping down what I could only assume was alcohol.
“Care for a swig, General Leywin?” she winked, holding the flask up.
“I’m a minor, you know.”
Vanesy scoffed. “If you’re old enough to go to war, you’re old enough to drink.”
My lips curled up into a smirk as I grabbed her flask and took a gulp. The smoky liquid seared my throat as it made its way into my stomach, warming up my insides.
‘Is it smart to inhibit yourself like this before a battle?’ Sylvie asked with a tone of disapproval.
Relax. It’s just one sip, I replied.
Stifling back a cough, I handed the leather bottle back to my former professor. “That’s got quite the kick.”
“Mhmm,” Vanesy agreed. “Although you’re going to need a bit more than that to keep yourself warm out there. Aren’t you freezing in that thin outfit of yours?”
I looked down at my attire. While I wasn’t expecting a battle, I was dressed for one. My inner gray garment was skin-tight, with the sleeve coming up to my wrist. While seemingly thin, it was elastic enough for me to freely move in but also strong enough to withstand sharp edges to a certain degree. The only thing I wore over this was a simple black tunic that draped loosely over my shoulders. The sleeves stopped at the elbows, allowing me unimpeded movement of my arms.
I shook my head. “I’ve grown used to constantly surrounding myself with mana to keep me warm. Honestly, even this cloak is just for appearance’s sake.”
“Why’s that? Commander Virion wanted me to have you speak in front of the soldiers anyway—you know, for motivation.”
“About that,” I grinned. “Let’s hold off on that until Captain Auddyr arrives. I was hoping to have a little fun in the camp.”
“Uh oh,” my former professor groaned. “What are you up to?”
I shook my head disapprovingly. “Now is that any way to speak to your superior?”
“Fine,” she relented. “Just don’t mortally wound my soldiers.”
“What kind of person do you take me for?” I replied innocently, putting my cloak back on as I headed back toward the cloth door.
“Are there any soldiers who’d recognize who I am?” I asked, remembering the head chef bowing to me.
“We’re pretty far out from any sort of mass communication. I recently got a written letter delivered by a carrier with the latest updates but I haven’t announced any of it,” she answered. “Besides, with your shaggy hair and those plain clothes, you’d easily pass as a new recruit picked up from the countryside.”
“There’s an old saying that a wise man appears weak when he is strong and strong when he is weak,” I replied, pointing at the dazzling armor engraved with intricate decorations she had on.
“It’s for protection, not for showing off,” she argued.
“Not when the design on the armor matches your bond’s armor,” I teased, glancing at the silver armor hanging on a stand next to Torch.
“You’ve become a wise-ass since becoming a lance,” she grumbled.
“Oh please, I’ve been a wise-ass long before becoming a lance,” I rebutted.
My former professor chortled as she leaned back against her desk. “‘Appear weak when you’re strong’; I like that.”
“Feel free to steal it,” I said as I headed out of the tent. I couldn’t tell my former professor that this quote was from an ancient general from my previous life, but she didn’t seem to be curious of its origin.
‘What did you want to do?’ Sylvie asked curiously as she nestled on top of my head.
Evaluate the competency of the current state of our soldiers, of course.
Sylvie’s sense of doubt flooded my mind as she let out a sigh. ‘You mean play-fight with them?’
Just for a little bit.
‘Even as your bond, I sometimes find myself worried that the fate of this continent relies heavily on you.’


Chapter 149

Chapter 149
Chapter 149: A Simple Cook
As I lifted the tent flap, I caught sight of the guard stationed outside. As soon as our eyes met, his giant body stiffened into a frantic salute. “G-Gen—”
“Remember…” I reminded, winking at the terrified guard as I pressed my finger to my lips.
Without waiting for a response, I made my way back to the growing cluster of soldiers cheering louder than before.
The fight between the half-elf girl named Cedry and the long-armed Jona seemed to have come to an end as a new pair of fighters brawled it out on an earthen platform a conjurer had erected.
The casual spar of the two soldiers had escalated into a full-blown event as the audience moved logs and tree stumps to make seats. Some of the more enthusiastic members of the crowd began making wagers with their peers, from the meat slices of their next meals to more precious resources like alcohol that they had smuggled inside hidden water pouches. All in all, the encampment had a jubilant atmosphere that was unbefitting of this continent’s current circumstances.
Blending myself in with the crowd, I made my way toward the front of the makeshift arena where I found Cedry and Jona spectating from the ground.
“It was a good fight,” I remarked, taking a seat next to the dagger-wielding soldier named Jona. “Who ended up winning?”
The half-elf who fought using gauntlets. just like my father. looked at me with a victorious smile as she raised up her hand flauntingly in front of Jona.
Jona ruffled his short, disheveled hair in frustration. “One time, Cedry. You’ve won one time.”
“The first victory of many to come,” she snickered.
I chuckled, looking at the two of them bicker. “I wish I could’ve seen how it ended.”
Letting out a laugh, Jona stuck out a hand. “My name is Jona, and the immature girl next to me is Cedry. I don’t think I’ve seen you around. Are you a new recruit?”
“I guess you can say that.” I shook both their hands. “You can call me Arthur.”
“Well, Arthur, judging by how things are going, it looks like we’ll be able to enjoy a lot more fights tonight,” Jona said, focusing back at the fight currently taking place.
The fight had just ended with a large, bear-like augmenter finally landing a finishing hit on his light-footed opponent. As the defeated soldier jumped off the stage, nursing his stricken cheek, my gaze fell on Jona and Cedry once more. Jona’s features were fairly ordinary, with sharp angles and a slight, beaked nose. Cedry, on the other hand, stood out a bit more. With her radiant gaze that seemed full of life and her playful demeanor. I wouldn’t be surprised if she were popular with both men and women. Just in the short time I’d sat down next to them, at least a dozen or so peers walked by, making jokes or congratulating her on her win.
“—country bumpkin! Get your head outta yer ass,” a loud, gritty voice snapped.
I turned toward the source of the voice only to see the bear-like augmenter staring back down at me.
I looked around until I realized that he was talking to me. “Do I really look like I came from the countryside?” I asked Jona.
“Stop going after fresh recruits, Herrick, and grow the balls to at least spar with someone in your weight class,” Cedry hissed back, eliciting a howl of laughter from the rest of the crowd.
I got up to my feet. “It’s okay. We’re just having fun, right?”
“Y-Yeah,” the balding Herrick quickly agreed. “I’m using this chance to show the new recruits some pointers!”
Taking off my cloak with Sylvie inside, I hopped up to the elevated stage and held out my hand. “Well then, please give me lots of pointers.”
Herrick grabbed my hand, squeezing it a little too tightly for it to be a warm gesture. “ I’ll give you the first move.”
Letting go of my hand, he spread his arms out with a smug grin pasted on his greasy face as his eyes glanced over toward a group of girls seated in the audience.
While Herrick’s body seemed a bit too round to be efficient in battle, the layer of mana enveloped around him told me he was a competent mage.
Wanting to see how he fought, I limited the amount of mana I willed into my body as I stepped in range to attack.
As my fist approached his abdomen, I could see the mana gathering where he thought I’d hit. The giant augmenter barely flinched as my fist sunk into his heaping stomach.
“You’re going to have to try harder than that, country brat!” he chuckled as I pulled away.
I shook my hand. “So strong.”
“Now, let me show you some pointers.” His smile grew as he glanced again at the group of girls watching us.
He swung a giant hand to swat me off the platform. Taking the hit, I landed on my bottom rather embarrassingly but without any injuries. “Oh man, I couldn’t even react.”
There was a bit of irritation on my opponent’s face as he assumed I’d go sailing off the stage, but his arrogant smirk was still there. “You’re lucky I held back or you would’ve gone flying. Those Alacryan bastards aren’t going to go easy on you, though.”
“You’re right. Thank you.” I tried to sound enthusiastic like a country bumpkin who was now part of a military filled with mages of noble blood but it was becoming tiring.
The fight went on for several more minutes with Herrick trying to swat me out of the arena using his meaty hands while I pretended to get the full brunt of his attack only to stumble a few feet.
“Come on, Herrick. I know you’re going easy on him but don’t baby him all day!” a soldier cried out while his peers agreed.
“I-I just don’t wanna to hurt the twig, you know?” he replied, his frustration evident on his face.
So far, I’d gathered that by the callouses on his hands and the way his arms naturally attacked, he used a heavy axe as his primary weapon. However, besides his decent control in body-strengthening, he had no other tricks up his sleeve. Deciding that my assessment of him was over, I used the chance when Herrick reached over to grab me by twisting my body and tossing him over my shoulders off of the arena.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
The whole act looked like one big blunder. Even Herrick was surprised to see himself looking up at me from the floor.
“W-Wait, I tripped!” he cried, looking around desperately as he waved his hands. “That doesn’t count.”
The crowd erupted into laughter and jeers as they mockingly booed Herrick away from the stage.
Even while only using ten percent of my mana and withholding any use of elemental spells, Herrick was a joke. But I couldn’t say that out loud, of course.
“Looks like I got lucky,” I said helplessly up on the stage while scratching my cheek.
“I wanted to beat Herrick’s giant ass, but I guess it can’t be helped.” A tall woman with her black hair tied back tightly behind her head jumped up onstage. “Let’s see if you really were just lucky, greenhorn.”
“Please go easy on me,” I said placatingly.
My opponent was well over six feet, just a few inches taller than me, but her thin and toned frame made her look even taller than she actually was. With a dark complexion and sharp, narrow eyes to complement her straight black hair, she looked like a panther ready to pounce.
“I’m used to fighting with a staff so I’d appreciate it if you used a weapon as well,” she said as a wooden staff appeared out of the dimension ring on her finger. From the ring she had just used and the rich colors of her clothes, it was obvious that she was a noble but that fact seemed trivial to her.
“Don’t kill the kid, Nyphia!” her friend cried out in genuine concern.
I chuckled timidly. “Sorry, the smith is repairing my sword right now but I can—”
“Someone give the boy a sword his size,” Nymphia snapped impatiently as she stretched her neck.
An unfamiliar soldier threw me his short sword still in it’s sheath almost immediately. I let out a sigh as I carefully slid the blade out of its scabbard and covered it in mana to dull the edges.
Unlike Herrick, my new opponent didn’t let her guard down as she dropped to a low stance. She held her wooden staff out with it’s tip aimed at the ground while her feline eyes peered straight into me.
“Poor boy, getting marked by Nyphia,” someone muttered behind me.
Letting out a sigh, I took a stance as well. I was hoping to use this casual event to get a sense for some of the soldiers here but this girl seemed to have other plans. “Are you ready?”
The dark-skinned augmenter let out an irritated scoff, as if I’d somehow offended her. “Are you ready?”
She pounced on me like a bolt of lightning as soon as I nodded in reply. Her body remained low even as she was in range while she pulled her staff in close to her body, ready to strike me.
Just from her first strike, I could tell what sort of fighter Nyphia was. Her control over mana was excellent—on a different tier than Herrick—but she lacked real experience. Her moves were fast but also obvious. Her intent all but leaked out of her body with each attack she attempted. Most likely, she only had experience fighting against guards or other professionals too scared to hurt her, which didn’t help her short temper and over-inflated confidence.
Each lunge, swipe, thrust, and swing she threw at me, I parried or dodged—but just barely. On the outside, it looked like I was getting pushed back as I desperately tried to keep up. To Nyphia, her temper reached a new high after each failed attempt to land a solid hit.
As my back foot leaned off the edge of the platform we were on, I used the momentum from Nyphia’s over-emotional thrust to send her out of bounds to end the match but she kept her balance with the help of her staff.
Leaping back to the center, she shook her head. “Not this time. Amber, raise a cage around the arena!”
“This is just a friendly competition, not a death match,” I argued.
She disagreed. “No, this is practice for the war that’s right in front of our noses. And in war, there are no ‘out-of-bounds’”—she whipped her head over her shoulder—“Amber. The cage.”
Her friend, or lackey, stood up and raised an earthen gate around the arena with a short chant and a wave of her wand, locking me up with this rabid cat that thought herself a mighty tiger.
I looked around and while some of the soldiers shared glances of concern, none of them spoke up. I was beginning to regret this whole idea of ‘blending in’ and was tempted to just blow apart the arena and walk out but I held myself back. With the possibility of an Alacryan ship, or several, veering down to this shore, I didn’t want to take any chances.
With experience from my past life, I’d come to realize that people become complacent when in the presence of a powerful ally. They come to expect to be spoonfed victory from the comforts of the backline when someone as revered as a lance is amongst them. At least, that was the case in my life. I might have it backwards here—who knows, maybe having a lance with them would give them the confidence and zeal to fight harder, but I was skeptical of that.
“You make a good point,” I faked a smile, staying in character. “Please teach me well.”
With our weapons at the ready, we began once more. A real fight, especially if it involved a sharp-edged weapon, took only a matter of seconds to draw to a conclusion. But with mana as abundant as it was in this world, making mistakes more forgiving than it did in my previous world, fighters did little to correct their flaws and instead, focused on making their strengths even stronger. Even I had succumbed to that mistake when I first came to this world; that is, until that was beaten out of me by the asuras back in Epheotus.
Nyphia dashed toward me once more, this time feinting left before using the other end of her staff in a quick, ascending swipe.
I dodged close enough to smell the oaky smell coming from her polished staff and countered by pushing her staff up with my free hand. This threw her off balance; I finished by sliding my foot behind her back foot and pushing forward.
With the strength of my assimilated body along with the added mana, Nyphia was sent tumbling backward. The crowd of soldiers that had become tense since the cage had been conjured let out cries of dumbfounded amazement at the turn of events.
Glaring at me balefully as her face turned bright scarlet with embarrassment and anger, Nyphia was unable to form the proper words to express herself when a mellow husky voice rang from the crowd. “Mind if I join in on the fun?”
“You’re not joining anything! I just trip—” the dark-skinned noble’s words got caught in her throat as she realized whose voice it was. “M-Madam Astera!”
Nyphia lowered her head as she spoke. “Forgive me for my rudeness!”
The woman that my opponent referred to as Madam Astera was none other than the head cook that regarded me with a respectful nod when I had first arrived here. The chef hopped up over the cage with a nimbleness that made Nyphia’s movement seem infant-like.
I gave a quick bow, remembering to keep in character. “May I have the pleasure of knowing who I’m sparring with?”
Madam Astera bobbed a quick curtsy with her apron. “Just a simple cook.”


Chapter 150

Chapter 150
Chapter 150: Rumination
“Just a cook?” I repeated. “Somehow, I have a hard time believing that.”
The head chef shrugged, untying her apron and tossing it over to Nyphia. “Titles are merely an embellishment stuck in front of your name to establish a hierarchy, so yes, I am Chef Astera. Nice to meet you.”
Taken aback by the sudden words of wisdom, I dipped my head in reply. “And I am Arthur. The pleasure is mine.”
“Well then, <em>Arthur</em>, let’s put a show on for the antsy soldiers here before they start throwing a fit.” Her lips curved into a confident smile as she held up the ladle in her hand.
“Of course. Will that be your weapon?”
“Don’t be silly. It’d be disrespectful to fight with a tool used to cook.” Letting out a hearty laugh, Madam Astera motioned one of the soldiers up in the front for his weapon—a short sword, much like the one I was borrowing. “Now, do go easy on an old lady like me.”
With that, she disappeared from view at a speed that no ‘simple cook’ could have moved. Madam Astera blinked into view in the air above me, already in position to swing down, her handsome face glowing with savage excitement.
With a quick sidestep, I brought up my sword as well. Sparks danced around us as the edge of my blade met hers. Before Madam Astera’s sword hit the ground, she kicked off the guard of my sword to gain distance.
With only a minimal amount of mana infused in my body and sword, my hand became numb from blocking her attack. “Just a simple cook?” I confirmed.
“Just a simple cook,” she answered with a wink before rushing to me once again.
Our swords became mere blurs in the space between us as both Madam Astera and I unleashed a flurry of attacks.
Her petite body moved with a coordinated agility that would even impress Kordri, the asura that had trained me. We both dodged each other’s strikes and swings with minimal movement. If it wasn’t for the sweat flooding down our faces and necks, it would’ve looked as if we were missing on purpose.
I raised my mana output to twenty percent but, just like me, she seemed to have been holding back as well because we were still at a stalemate.
Neither one of us had the luxury to speak as it took all of our focus to keep up with each other’s attacks, but our emotions showed through our expressions. This wasn’t a duel of magic; just a contest of pure mastery of the sword.
Madam Astera wore an ecstatic grin on her sweaty face as she continued her relentless assault and somewhere along the way, I realized that I had been smiling as well.
With each strike she delivered, I countered with another but she flawlessly dodged until her back was against the earthen cage. I decided not to raise my mana but instead, used the field to my advantage. Dipping below her waist, I brought my sword close in position to swing up.
She had nowhere to move but to her right—or rather, that’s what I thought.
Even when she was just barely an arm’s length away from me, she kicked off the wall and propelled herself directly at me. I quickly pivoted on my right foot, whirling just in time for her blade to whiz past my cheek. The tables had turned; now it was my back that was against the wall.
“I’m sure that there was a saying that said something along the lines of, ‘even a mouse will attack when it’s cornered’,” Madam Astera said with her sword raised closely in guard.
I smiled. “Well, it looks like I’m the cornered mouse now.”
“Hence my caution?” She smirked, tightening the grip on her raised sword. “Now, why don’t you stop holding back, Arthur?”
“In the midst of such an exciting duel, I think bringing any magic past basic augmentation would be disrespectful to the way of the sword,” I replied.
“Wise words from one so young,” she nodded in approval. “Then shall we kick things up a notch?” A surge of mana suddenly burst out of my opponent as she took a step back.
The soldiers in the front row winced from the sudden thick gust of energy while others had to lean forward to not topple backward in their seats.
With a smile, I increased my mana output to forty percent. A thick wave of mana burst out of me as well, but it took on a different form from Madam Astera’s. While her mana took the form of a sharp and chaotic gale, mine manifested into a refined wave-like pulse.
Madam Astera’s smile faded as she looked at me in awe. Shaking herself out of her daze, she molded her mana into a thick armor around her before lunging at me. The force of her initial step created a small crater beneath her feet, shaking the entire arena.
In the span of a single breath, her sword was already inches away from my throat but the force of her strike had already sent a spear of wind sailing past my neck, only to create a hole in the wall behind me.
I could see why someone like Nyphia was so scared of this ‘simple’ cook. After her initial strike failed, she leaped back and repositioned herself, tightening her stance like a coiled snake, ready to strike.
But this time, I was the one to strike. I dashed forward, creating no sound as I flashed beside her with my sword in mid-swing when she immediately ducked. With no time to prepare, her movement was sloppy, but the very fact that she was able to react to my attack showed how frightening her instincts were.
She lashed back with a sharp swing before leaping back again. This time, she didn’t wait for me to strike, rather lunged once more. I brought up my sword but realized midway that her stab was a feint as she dipped into a wide swing at my leg; she wanted me to jump up to dodge so she could catch me mid-air.
Instead, I brought my sword down to parry.
A high-pitched ring resounded from our two blades clashing. A deep tremor rose up my arm from the impact before my sword shattered.
For a moment, we stood there, both dazed at the turn of events until I let out. “It’s my loss, Chef Astera.”
“No, I can’t accept that. It was just that your sword’s quality—”
I shook my head. “I think it’s time for dinner anyway, right?” I walked over to the soldier I had borrowed the sword from. “I’m sorry about your sword. I’ll get you a new one.”
“Wha—oh, yeah, sure. No problem…” his voice trailed off as he stared at me blankly. It wasn’t until I noticed his awestruck expression that I realized how quiet the camp had become. I looked around to see everyone with the same expression as the soldier in front of me, the only sound the occasional crackle of wood coming from the fires.
“You heard the boy, move your asses or starve for the rest of the night!” Madam Astera roared. “We’re going all out tonight!”
With that, the silent crowd erupted into cheers as the large cooks began handing out plates stacked with steaming food.
The atmosphere quickly turned festive as Madam Astera brought out barrels of liquor. I spotted Vanesy trying to limit the amount of alcohol passed around but she later gave in, taking a glass for herself.
I wasn’t sure if it was a good idea to drink when we were supposed to be on the lookout for any stray ships, but the chances of that happening were too meager to actually stop them from having at least one good night.
After a few drinks in everyone’s systems, soldiers became more outgoing. Some began singing while others accompanied, using a hollow log as a makeshift percussive instrument. The songs seemed more like melodic tales of adventurers with no real thought put into rhythm but it was enjoyable nonetheless—especially with a few drinks in me as well.
<em>‘Should a lance succumb to peer pressure and drink so much?’</em> Sylvie berated, choosing to stay inside my cloak for warmth.
<em>Who says it’s peer pressure?</em> I replied, taking another sip, relishing the warm numbness spreading from the alcohol and from the fire as well.
“Do you mind if I join you?” Madam Astera took a seat next to me by the dancing flame with a glass of liquor in her hand. “So who exactly is Arthur?”
“Not at all,” I replied, thankful since the curious soldiers lingering around me began dispersing as soon as the chef came. “And I thought you already knew.”
“I knew you weren’t just a normal boy,” she shrugged before gulping down the rest of the liquor in her glass.
I followed suit and took another sip as well. “Then can I ask who you are?”
“I told you, I’m just a—”
“Yeah, the ‘simple cook’ answer of yours isn’t going to cut it,” I interrupted.
She let out a hearty laugh that didn’t match her small frame. “Fine, I’ll answer. But you could’ve probably found out from some of the soldiers here—a lot of them were my students, after all.”
“So you were a teacher? At Xyrus?”
“Oh please, I’d rather swallow a gallon of fire sand than teach at that school,” she retorted.
“I happen to have been a student there,” I replied, pretending to appear offended.
“Then you’d know how stuck up most of the kids there are,” she replied with a smirk.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“Can’t argue with that,” I sighed as my chest sank at the recollection of some unwanted memories.
“After the war with the elves, I decided to retire by teaching at Lanceler Academy,” she said, looking idly at the fire through her empty glass. “You’ve heard of us, right?”
“Of course,” I answered, thinking back to the time I spent researching the once famous school located in Kalberk City, near the center of Sapin. “The legendary school for any would-be elite soldiers.”
“Except after the war, there was little demand for soldiers,” she breathed, fogging her glass. “More nobles wanted their children to attend Xyrus now that there is little tension between the races.”
“I see,” I muttered. “Still. This war against the Alacryans should’ve brought in quite a bit of new students at Lanceler. No offense, but what are you doing here as a chef?”
“That’s a story for another time,” she chuckled. “A time with more booze.”
I raised my glass. “I’ll take you up on that offer.”
“Now, onto your story. What’s a talent like you doing here, and why in the world did you decide to go to Xyrus with that level of skill with the sword?”
“Because I could manage by myself with the sword. It was magic that I needed help getting better at,” I replied.
Her eyes widened as she stared at me. “No kidding?”
I let out a chuckle when the clank of armored footsteps got my attention. “General—I mean, Sir.” The guard that was stationed outside of Professor Glory’s tent covered his mouth at his blunder, his eyes wide and fearful as he shifted glances between me and Madam Astera.
Despite the clamor around us, everyone within the vicinity seemed to have heard as they suddenly whipped their heads toward us.
The guard continued speaking, lowering his voice in a useless attempt to amend his mistake. “Captain Auddyr has arrived and Captain Glory is nowhere to be found.”
Letting out a sigh, I turned back to the head chef, her brows knit in confusion. “Well, there’s my story.”
“He just said, ‘General’”—Madam Astera turned to the guard—“You said ‘General,’ right?”
Unsure of how to answer, the guard looked to me for answers, but I just stood up, careful not to wake up my sleeping bond.
“Come on. Let’s go find your captain.” I turned back to the chef, holding my empty glass. “At a time with more booze.”
Her face relaxed as she managed a smile. “Aye.”
As we walked back toward the main tent, I surveyed the top of the large boulders, hoping to find my former professor. Knowing her, I doubted she’d be able to completely relax.
“Ah, there she is,” I said, squinting my eyes.
It took the guard a moment to spot her shadowed figure sitting atop the boulder making up the front wall of the encampment.
“Thank you.” The guard prepared to take off but I held him back.
“Let me. Tell Captain Auddyr that I’ll meet with him first thing tomorrow morning.”
“But the captain—”
“It’s fine,” I interjected, handing him my empty glass. “There’s nothing going on and I’ve had a bit too much alcohol to entertain a man I don’t know tonight.”
“Yes, General.” With a salute, the guard veered off toward the tent.
Taking a deep breath that formed a cloud of fog in front of me, I enveloped my body in a shroud of wind before getting ready to jump. The thin layer of frost underneath my feet scattered as I pushed off the ground.
<em>‘Where are we headed now?’</em> Sylvie asked, sounding noticeably sleepy even through mental transmission.
<em>Making sure my precious subordinate is okay,</em> I answered as I walked up behind Vanesy.
My former professor took a quick glance over her shoulder before turning her head back toward the grey moonlit ocean. “Want another drink?”
“Should the lookout be drinking?” I chuckled, taking a seat beside her as Sylvie popped out of my woolen cloak.
“You’re one to talk, General, with your cheeks the color of ripe tomatoes,” she scoffed, idly petting my bond that had curled up between us.
“Give me that.” Taking the flask from her hands, I took another gulp of the fiery liquid that tickled my throat.
Leaning back on her hands, my former professor looked up at the crescent moon. “Hey, do you think we’ll be able to win this war?”
“I’m not entirely sure, but I’ll do everything I can to make sure we do,” I promised.
“Somehow, despite the fact that you’re barely half my age, I find comfort in your words—like you’ll actually make sure of it.”
I thought back to the event three years ago that had always weighed on my mind. “I’ve let a lot of people down before. I want to make sure I don’t do it again.”
“Are you talking about what happened at Xyrus?” she asked, her brows furrowed in concern.
I merely nodded in reply as I stared off at the mesmerizing sight of the wide ocean before turning to my former professor. “What’s left of Xyrus Academy now?”
Vanesy looked at me, her face twisted into a grimace, but she stayed silent.
I continued. “Tessia doesn’t remember much and Curtis and Kathyln act like nothing happened—as if they don’t want to accept what’d happened. What exactly happened before I’d arrived?”
“Arthur. What’s done is done. Me telling you this will only make you—”
“I need to know, Vanesy. I should’ve asked a lot earlier but I made excuses not to.”
Letting out a deep breath, my former professor nodded. “In the disciplinary committee, Doradrea was the first to be sighted dead. Theodore was injured gravely and wasn’t able to make it, even with the help of the adventurers guild’s emitters. Claire Bladeheart disappeared since then and not even her uncle knows where she is and…”
My head pounded as she listed the names of people I knew that were now gone. Her voice sounded muffled yet the names she said rang clearly in my head. “And?”
“Kai Crestless was one of the radical members that the Vritra, Draneeve, had with him. Kai and the rest of the robed lackeys disappeared with Draneeve, along with Elijah,” she continued. “He’s the reason Curtis probably didn’t want to speak of that disaster.”
“I see,” I muttered, shifting my gaze back to the ocean.
For a long moment, neither of us spoke. The commotion going down below us and the faint crash of the night’s tide in the distance was all that filled the silence as I thought of my short time at Xyrus. Knowing now what had happened gave me a chance for true reflection. Oftentimes, I caught myself forgetting the old memories of my past life. More and more, my past self’s hold on me lessened, allowing me to become the person I wanted to be in this world. But at this moment, I found myself wishing to turn back to the old me—to the cold, rational me that had suppressed his emotions for the sake of having no vulnerability to be used against him.
It wasn’t like I hadn’t guessed what’d happened, but hearing what had happened made it suddenly very real. My chest twisted, as if the blood flowing through my heart had thickened into tar as it struggled to keep a stable beat.
A warm drop of liquid rolled down my frigid face as I felt the muscles of my chin tremble like an infant’s. Gnashing my teeth in hopes to suppress my unwanted emotions, I turned away from my subordinate. I couldn’t help but imagine how many people I knew would end up dead with me unable to do anything to stop it—even the people I had met today. How many of them would survive this war?
I turned to Vanesy to see her shoulders trembling as she clutched tightly at her flask. Quickly wiping a tear, I stood up.
<em>Sylvie. Do me a favor and keep watch for the night.</em>
<em>‘Sure,’</em> she responded with a soft, comforting tone I rarely heard. My bond turned to her original form, startling my former professor. With a powerful flap of her black wings, Sylvie shot up, barely visible as she blended in with the night sky.
“Come.” I held out my hand to Vanesy. “The night’s young, and it doesn’t seem like the soldiers have any intentions of stopping. As their captain, I figure it’s your duty to join instead of moping around up here.”


Chapter 151

Chapter 151
Chapter 151: Morning After
I lifted my makeshift practice sword, a crudely carved piece of wood wrapped in towels for weight. As I counted in my head with each downward swing, a soft voice shook me out of my trance. “Grey. It’s time for breakfast.”
Looking over my shoulder, I spotted Cecilia by the door with a fresh towel folded neatly in her arms. “Oh, thanks!”
As I walked over, Cecilia handed me the towel. “I still have to help get the table set up,” she announced before she briskly walked away.
I watched Cecilia walk back through the dimly lit hallway, remembering the incident almost a year back when I’d almost died trying to save her from the outburst of her ki.
Despite her aloof manner of speech, her attitude toward everyone in the orphanage had definitely improved.
After I wiped myself down, I went back inside as well, making sure to close the mesh screen door for the summer bugs buzzing outside.
“Someone is apparently going through puberty judging by the stink coming from his body,” The figure of Nico’s thin frame approached me from an intersecting hallway.
“Your sweat starts stinking when you go through puberty?” I asked, sniffing my sleeveless shirt.
“Supposedly, according to an article I read on hormones,” he shrugged.
Getting a close whiff of the rancid smell for the first time, I winced. “Cecilia probably smelled this too then.”
“Did she react in any sort of way?”
“No, she just gave me a towel and left,” I said as I wiped my body more with the towel, hoping it’d get more of the stench off of me.
“Her devotion to remaining true to her indifferent character is strong,” Nico nodded.
I chortled. “I don’t think she’s trying to be some character.”
“I beg to differ, my friend. Last week, after I had just finished tampering with the shock glove—working name, by the way—into a pendant she could carry around her neck, she refused!”
Raising a brow, I smirked at my friend. “Oh? You gave Cecilia a necklace?”
“How do you always manage to pick and choose what you want to hear? What are you going to do when you go to a real school?” he sighed. “And besides, I think she likes you more—with her giving you a towel and all.”
“Well I did save her life, you know,” I teased, putting an arm around my thin friend that I’d outgrown these past few months.
“Her knight in sweating armor,” he said, pinching his nose.
It’d become more and more apparent these days that Nico had started to develop feelings for Cecilia, our orphanage’s ice queen. It wasn’t any secret that Cecilia was popular amongst the boys here, but everyone who’d gathered the courage to make a move had been rejected. Nico, with his patent blend of pride and low self-esteem, found other ways to make Cecilia notice him without revealing his interest in her.
Letting out a sigh, I leaned more heavily on my skinny friend, making him struggle to keep us from falling down. “I’m not so sure about going to school anymore.”
“What?” Nico finally managed to free himself of my arm. “Why? You know I only joke about your intelligence.”
“It’s not that,” I chuckled. “It’s expensive and Headmaster Wilbeck already has a hard time sending even a few kids to school.”
“Then what do you plan on doing?” my friend asked, his brows knitted seriously.
“I don’t know yet, but maybe just help out as staff at the orphanage once I’m old enough. These days, I was even thinking about going to an institution to get better at ki. I know that they offer free tuition and stuff if you’re qualified,” I shrugged.
“You’re joking, right?” he fumed, stopping in the middle of the hallway. “I know we owe a lot to Headmaster Wilbeck and I get that you want to repay her but staying here to do that is short-minded; with your talent, you can do so much more once you’ve gotten a proper education!”
“Which brings me to why I was thinking of the institu—”
“That’s not education,” Nico interrupted. “Those institutions are designed to churn out mindless soldiers and find potential candidates for kings. I’ve read some journals about those places—how students there are worked to the point of near-death; how candidates get booted out if they don’t cut it.”
“You sound like Headmaster,” I grumbled as I started walking again.
“Because you don’t have any motivation to do something. Sure, you like training, but you have no goal past it,” he sighed. “School is a place where you can find out what you want to do while learning about this world without restriction or bias like the institution.”
“Well, money is still an issue,” I pointed out. “If we want to go to school, it’d have to be by next year.”
Nico’s expression softened by my compliance. “Well lucky for you, you happen to have a friend that actually thinks and plans for the future. I’ve almost managed to save enough money with our little ‘missions’ for us to go school—of course, banking on the assumption that I’d get at least a partial scholarship.”
“Wait, weren’t you supposed to give the money to the orphanage?”
“I did,”—Nico put on an innocent expression—“just not all of it.”
Letting out a groan, I shook my head. “I should’ve known.”
“After we get a proper education, we can properly help headmaster and the kids here. I guarantee it’ll be better for the orphanage that way.” My friend patted me on the back. “Come on. Let’s go to the dining area before our food gets cold.”
“Why not save enough money to take Cecilia to school with us as well?” I teased one last time as I followed Nico down the hall.
“Zip it! I’m telling you I have no interest in her!” he retorted, refusing to look me in the eye.
<strong>ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:</strong>
I opened my eyes to be greeted by the glow of the morning sun. Even its soft rays, hidden behind a layer of clouds, somehow seemed to bore holes into my retinas. The aching in my skull pulsed rhythmically—a constant reminder of the glasses, if not bottles, of alcohol I had consumed during the remainder of the night.
Squinting, I attempted to get up but immediately retreated back underneath my woolen cloak I’d used as a blanket, letting out a sickly moan through my dry mouth, sticky with thick saliva.
Suddenly my cloak—the only thing protecting me from the outside world—was ripped away from me.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“Morning, General,” Vanesy’s familiar voice chimed from above. The bright timbre of my former professor’s voice was normally easy on the ears, but through the power of alcohol, her voice came off sharp and grating.
“As your superior, I order you to unhand my blanket and let me sleep,” I mumbled impatiently.
“No can do. You were the one that decided to push the meeting off with Captain Auddyr until the morning,” she said, pulling my unwilling body up. “Splash some cold water on your face and meet us at the tent.”
“Here. Read this before you meet with me and Captain Auddyr.” Vanesy handed me a small stack of papers clipped together before leaving.
Grumbling under my breath, I got up, taking in my surroundings for the first time today. I’d somehow managed to get to the top of the cliff overlooking the camp.
‘You didn’t manage to do anything last night,’ Sylvie’s voice sounded in my head like a kick to the brain.
Easy, Sylv. My head is killing me, I complained as I spotted my bond in her dragon form approaching from the forest behind me. What happened, anyway?
“I dragged your drunk corpse of a body up here to let you sleep without making a fool of yourself before even announcing to everyone your position,” she chided in a mellow voice I hadn’t heard in a few days.
“How was the watch last night? Nothing unusual?” I asked, attempting to change the subject.
Glowing brightly before shrinking into a pearly white fox, she hopped on my shoulder. “It was quiet. There was a thick layer of fog throughout the western shore so I couldn’t find any enemy ships. I would’ve gone further but I was afraid that they might find me.”
“You did good,” I said. “Now, where’s a place I can wash my face?”
“There should be washing stations in the encampment but there’s a nearby stream just a little into the forest that I think you’d prefer,” she answered, a wisp of fog forming in front of her snout as she spoke.
“Stream it is.”
The crisp air helped my recovering state but it was the first splash of cold water on my face that really cleared my head. I wished I could wash away the toxins in my brain as well, but I was at least in a fully functional state by the time Sylvie and I arrived in front of the captain’s tent.
Glancing through the information on the papers that Vanesy had given me, I peeked up to see the familiar guard stationed outside of my former professor’s tent. “You. What’s your name?”
“It’s Mable Esterfield, Sir—I mean, General,” he stated as he looked straight in front of him with rigid posture.
“What an unfitting, pretty name,” I commented, patting him on the shoulder as he regarded me with a confused expression.
Making my way into the tent, I was greeted by a gust of warm air from the small furnace beside the desk.
Standing next to my former professor was a man primmed from head to toe in overly-elegant military attire. Next to him, Vanesy looked like a mere foot soldier while, compared to the both of them, I was no more than a peasant boy.
With silvery blond hair slicked back neatly behind his narrow ears, Captain Auddyr stood poised with his back ramrod straight. While he looked to be no older than my father, there were wrinkles lining his face that told me how often he had spent his life scowling. His sharp brows and deep-set eyes seemed to pierce through me with an expression of how he’d look down at a rebellious son.
“Captain, this is General Arthur Leywin. Arth—General Leywin, this is Captain Jarnas Auddyr, Captain of the 2nd Division,” my former professor introduced as Captain Auddyr and I locked gazes.
“It’s nice to meet you, Captain,” I greeted with a smile, raising my arm.
Captain Auddyr returned my gesture and shook my hand. “The pleasure is mine, General,” he said with a grunt, immediately turning to Vanesy after. “Captain Glory. My division has made camp in the nearby woods up the cliffside. It’d be best for both of our divisions to get acquainted before we bring our forces together.”
My former professor shot me an uncomfortable glance before answering her fellow captain. “I agree. We’ll need both divisions to be accustomed to each other as fast as possible. General Leywin, what do you think is the best way to divide our forces in case of an attack?”
I looked back down at the bundle of papers given to me by Vanesy in the morning. It contained the hard numbers of the squads within each unit that the heads had gathered for Captain Auddyr to be a part of his division. I was looking through the numbers of mages and foot soldiers when Captain Auddyr spoke up.
“Integrating our divisions so that all of our foot soldiers are lined up and in position to receive an attack from the coast would be the best,” he declared.
My former professor shook her head. “Captain Auddyr. General Leywin was entrusted to be in charge of overseeing our divisions so it’d be best to—”
“General Leywin is responsible, as a lance, to make sure our divisions are ready in case of an attack, but as a mighty lance, he should be aware that the captains are the most knowledgeable of their own divisions,” Captain Auddyr cut in as I continued reading through the small bundle of papers.
‘I’m getting the urge to slap him with my tail,’ Sylvie grunted, almost making me chuckle.
After finishing the cursory read of Captain Auddyr’s division, I gave the papers back to Vanesy. “It seems like I’m not needed here then. I’ll just go grab a bite to eat.”
“General Leywin!” Vanesy called out from behind.
I looked over my shoulder. “Yes?”
“Isn’t there anything you’d like to add?” she replied, uneasy about how our meeting progressed.
“Well, if you want my two cents, I’d say that allocating a hundred percent of a force into one position is never a wise move,” I shrugged.
Captain Auddyr’s brow twitched as he attempted to mask his contempt. It was obvious that he wasn’t used to being defied, more so by someone younger than him.
“We are the last form of defense on the western shore in case any stray Alacryan ships come from the ocean. Where else would they attack from, General?” he hissed, stressing my title as if it were an insult.
“Captain. I’m trying to be civil here,” I said, turning around. “Like you said, Commander Virion asked me to be here in the unlikely event that the worst case scenario happens here so that’s the perspective I’m coming from.”
I took another step toward him, my nonchalant demeanor dissipating. “However, I suggest you not confuse my indifference toward this matter with some misguided notion that you hold the reigns here. Understand?”
Captain Auddyr involuntarily took a step away from me, sweat lining the sides of his scowling face. “Understood.”
I nodded. “Good. I never intended to play a hands-on role in the decisions you make so I’ll leave it up to the two of you.”
As I turned back around and prepared to leave, however, the howls of distant screams caught my attention. The three of us exchanged glances, all of us confused as to what was going on.
We dashed out of the tent to see all of the soldiers staring up—some still with bowls of food in their hands—toward the cliff where the screams and cries were coming from. Everyone stood still in a daze, trying to figure out what was going on, when an oblong object flew off the edge of the cliff and rolled down, landing in near us.
It was a bloodied sword with a severed arm, clad in armor, still gripping the handle.


Chapter 152

Chapter 152
Chapter 152: Way of Magic
Both captains behind me remained in a daze as we all stared at the severed arm—hand still clenching the sword—forming a pool of blood beneath it.
“Soldiers on guard! Stand by for battle!” I roared, projecting my voice as loudly and distinctly as possible to get everyone’s attention.
The soldiers present roused out of their daze at my commands. The new recruits scrambled to their belongings as they fumbled putting on their armor. The veteran adventurers and experienced soldiers, already wearing their under-armor garments, deftly buckled on their protective gear as the screams and sharp clangs of metal continued echoing from above the cliff.
Captain Glory and Auddyr were already dressed in light armor and had snapped back to their senses, both a bit embarrassed by their poor response to the situation.
“Captain Auddyr. The armor on this arm isn’t something a passerby would have—it’s military attire. Didn’t you say your division was stationed up on the cliff?” I yelled out as the camp had grown loud from activity.
The once surly-faced captain paled in horror as he studied the armor one more time. Just as he was about to leap up the cliff, I held him down by his metal gorget that protected his shoulders and chest. “Stay here until the division is ready.”
“Unhand me! My soldiers are under attack without their leader!” Captain Auddyr hissed, no trace of his former haughty and composed self.
Tightening my grip, I pulled him close. “Captain. If you go in alone and are killed, your soldiers will be in a worse position than they’re in now.”
I surveyed the encampment as Captain Glory led her division into an organized formation. Most of the soldiers were already prepared and grouped based on their position. Rather than one large group, Vanesy had split her forces up into separate units, each composed of their own ranks of foot soldiers, augmenters, archers, and mages.
Just from a cursory glance, the ones at the very front of each unit were foot soldiers—regular humans and elves with thick armors and large shields since they’d be taking the brunt of an attack. Along the flanks were augmenters responsible for guarding the conjurers and archers as they fired arrows and spells.
The head—the leader of a unit, like Dresh—was positioned just behind the footsoldiers, an ideal spot for giving orders and protecting the conjurers as well.
Vanesy looked at me and signaled that she was ready. Letting go of Captain Auddyr, I motioned for him to join his fellow captain as I moved toward the rear where the smiths and cooks were grouped.
As the division began making their way up the steep slope up the cliff, I couldn’t help but ponder who was attacking. We were near the southern border of Sapin, where the underground kingdom of Darv began. At first, my mind immediately went to a mana beast attack, but the point of injury on the severed arm was too clean of a cut for it to have been claws or fangs. It was possible that they were attacked by some of the nomadic bandits I’d read about that travelled above the ground along the southern parts of Dicathen. It could also be a radical group that was opposed to the war with Alacrya, but there was no way to know for sure.
“Madam Astera, will you be okay here?” I asked as soon as I’d spotted the head chef who was now wearing plated armor.
“No problems here. Captain Glory ordered some of the augmenters to stay behind to guard us, but I’m also here, remember?” She gave me a confident smirk.
“You’re right. I’ll be heading off then.” I was about to turn back toward the cliff when Madam Astera gripped my arm.
“Arthur,” she said, her expression gravely serious. “You can never be too careful.”
I gave her a quick nod as I signaled for Sylvie to come out. “I hope you practice what you preach.”
<em>‘Is it okay for me to transform out in the open so soon?’</em> my bond asked as she hopped out of my cloak.
<em>No need to hold back right now. I need to know what’s going on up there and fast.</em>
Sylvie’s small body began glowing and expanded into the form of a mighty dragon. Her obsidian scales glimmered from the morning sun, putting the sparkling ocean to shame. Her translucent yellow eyes looked down at me with intelligence and an animal-like ferocity. The burly cooks and barrel-chested smiths with arms as thick as my torso gawked in reverence as some toppled over like infants learning to walk.
I leaped to the base of my bond’s neck and grabbed onto a ridged spike. I looked over my shoulder once more only to see the awestruck expression plastered on Madam Astera’s delicate face as Sylvie’s large wings beat down to produce a powerful gale.
Sylvie kicked off the ground and swung her wings once more to lift off. The powerful winds produced underneath startled the marching units led by their heads with Captain Glory and Auddyr in the front, but I was already too far up to make out any of their expressions.
I had planned on directly flying over where Captain Auddyr’s division should be but Sylvie instead soared up into the layer of clouds overhead. ‘Arthur, you should know before we engage in battle that I’m limited on what I can do to help.’
<em>Are you talking about the asura’s treaty where they aren’t allowed to help?</em> I asked, afraid that I would not be able to fight alongside my bond.
<em>‘That is an area of concern that Aldir has warned me about, but it’s not just that. With the awakening process that Grandfather Indrath made me undergo for my aether powers, it’ll still take a while before I’m able to assist you with any magic. Until my powers are fully awakened and under control, I’ll be limited to what I can do physically in this form. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you earlier.’</em>
I stroked the side of my bond’s large neck, berating myself for not taking into account my bond’s condition. I knew her training was cut short by me, but I never realized what a crucial time it had been for her. <em>No, don’t be. At least I know now.</em>
It didn’t take us long to reach where the sounds of battle were coming from but the fact that a severed arm was able to sail down the cliff made me think that there was something else going on. We could hear the sound of an ensuing battle but it wasn’t until we’d flown below the layer of clouds blocking our view that we realized the severity of the situation at hand.
<em>‘This can’t be possible.’</em> Sylvie’s thoughts were laced with disbelief by the sight below, but for someone that’d seen the surprises war brought, I could only see this as a miscalculation—a rather severe one.
Down below, in a field of grass stained red and black with blood and smoke, was what could only be the Alacryan army.
Their force of about five thousand strong were currently engaged with Captain Auddyr’s division. The soldiers were no larger than insects from here but it was easy to distinguish them. Unlike the Dicathen army, the Alacryan soldiers seemed to have a standardized color of deep red emblazoned on their dark gray armor.
Sylvie’s back lurched in preparation to dive down but I stopped her. <em>No. Let’s stay hidden here for now.</em>
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
<em>‘Stay hidden? Allies are dying down there and you wish to stay hidden?’</em> Anger was evident in her words but I knew she already knew my intentions.
<em>We can’t get involved in every battle. Right now, our priority is knowing what we’re up against.</em> I kept my gaze firmly locked on the scene below, regretting not having any transmission scrolls to communicate with Virion as I gritted my teeth to cope with my idleness.
<em>‘How were they able to make it all the way here without us knowing? They may not have come across a major city yet, but the dwarves should’ve known that an army was marching through their land.’</em>
“Maybe they did know,” I mumbled to myself, taking note of the faint path they’d created during their march.<em> Change of plans. Sylv, can you stay hidden and follow the trail that the Alacryans made on their way here? I’ll help them while blending in as just a regular soldier.</em>
<em>‘What if you get into trouble? I’ll be too far away to help.’</em> I could hear the disapproval in her voice.
<em>Vanesy’s division is going to arrive soon and I have a bad feeling that even though we outnumber them, it’ll be a losing battle for them without me.</em>
<em>‘More the reason for me to stay and help you,’</em> Sylvie argued.
<em>Please. If what I’m suspecting is true, this war might not be so simple as us versus them. You’re the only one here that can make the journey and back fast enough. I’ll stay safe, Sylv.</em>
<em>‘Fine. But the moment I sense that you’re in danger, I’m coming back and taking you away whether you’re conscious or not.’</em> Sylvie let out a grunt.
<em>Thanks</em>. I patted my bond before I let myself fall off her back. The crisp winter air felt like sharp whips lashing at me as I hurtled toward the ground. I intentionally veered away from the battle as to not arouse attention.
Just before landing into a cluster of trees, I enveloped my body in mana, erasing my presence before casting a wind spell. With the abundance of branches and leaves to slow my fall, and the help of magic to soften my landing, I was able to reach the ground without causing too much noise, albeit a little messily.
“The things I do to blend in,” I muttered, picking broken twigs and leaves out of my hair. I remained hidden within in the thick cluster of trees until I heard Vanesy’s division arrive.
“Tred! Vester! Take your units around for a left flank. Dirk! Sasha! To the right!” Vanesy’s voice resounded with a confident precision. “Rest of us, we group with Captain Auddyr’s forces and hit those Alacryan bastards from the front!”
Dashing out, I caught up with Captain Glory. On instinct, Vanesy whirled both of her swords at me before realizing who I was.
“Damn it, Arthur. Don’t scare me like that!” she sighed. “What are you doing here anyways? I saw you and your bond fly out of here.”
“And leave my precious subordinate behind?” I smirked. “No. I sent Sylvie on an equally important side mission.”
“Well, it’s damn reassuring to have you with us, but do you have any idea how an Alacryan force this size was able to get past us?”
I shook my head. “How about we leave a few alive to try and get the answer out of them?”
Vanesy’s lips curved into a wicked smirk as she raised both her longswords. “Sounds like a plan.”
Vanesy’s soldiers roared, men and women alike, as they reached the Alacryan army. I stood behind for a minute, watching as steel cut into flesh. Indistinguishable mutters sounded from the conjurers as they prepared their spells as archers released volleys of arrows from behind the protection of the augmenters and foot soldiers.
But my focus was on the Alacryan soldiers. The uneasy feeling I had since watching them from the sky had only become worse as they began to retaliate.
For some absurd reason, I’d expected our enemies to be something like the Vritras—monsters of evil. However, looking at them, they were no different from our soldiers except adorned in dark gray and red. This fact only dawned on me as I locked gazes with an enemy soldier.
The soldier’s eyes narrowed as he readied to strike. I picked up a bloodstained sword from the ground as he dashed toward me. When I tried to sense what sort of level his core was, I was surprised to be unable to read it. The soldier spread his arms while his fingers curled like claws. Suddenly, without even the influx of mana to warn me, gauntlets of mana in the form of gigantic claws manifested around his hands. He lashed out with his mana claws at a ferocious speed.
I ducked, only to see a row of trees behind me topple at the strength of my opponent’s attack. With the speed of his spell-casting and the power behind it, I could only assume he was at least a yellow core augmenter—maybe even a silver core.
I countered with an upward swing with my augmented sword when a translucent barrier shimmered just below the mage, protecting the area underneath his chest, where I’d been aiming.
<em>What the hell.</em> I whipped my head over my shoulder, sensing that the spell hadn’t come from him. About thirty feet away from me was another soldier, his hands held out and brows knitted in concentration. Realizing that my focus was directed at him, his eyes widened in surprise as he aimed his hands at me.
The translucent panel that had protected my initial opponent moved and enlarged, serving as a wall between me and the conjurer. I’d never seen someone manipulate a barrier to such efficiency so it was obvious who I had to take out first. However, the clawed soldier had already repositioned himself in this time, leaving me no choice but to finish him off.
Dropping the sword I’d found on the ground, I dashed toward my opponent. Just before reaching striking distance, I stomped down my lead foot, conjuring a pillar of earth right in front my opponent’s feet.
This time, whether because the conjurer behind me hadn’t expected the spell or didn’t feel the need to block it, a barrier didn’t form. The augmenter attempted to sidestep, but the pillar still struck his ribs. What shocked me, however, was the sound my spell produced on impact; the sound of bones cracking underneath his now-dented armor. Did this idiot not augment his body?
Gnashing his teeth with a pained expression, the augmenter ignored his obvious injury and dashed toward me with his mana claws. With my fists wrapped in electricity, I met his strike head on, expecting him to counter or use another spell but he didn’t. My lightning clad fist shattered his mana claws and broke his wrist on impact.
I held off on finishing him, my curiosity getting the better of me. He was someone that didn’t pose a real threat to me, but something about how he—how they fought didn’t make any sense. I’d thought the opponent in front of me was an experienced augmenter but his body wasn’t even protected by mana. If it wasn’t for the barrier that guarded his hand at the last minute, his arm would’ve been torn off.
The augmenter soldier was down on one knee, his left arm dangling to his side. A flicker of disbelief and awe was written on his face before the soldier clicked his tongue, turning his gaze toward the barrier-casting soldier. “Oi, Shield!” he barked. “Total body enhancement, now!”


Chapter 153

Chapter 153
Chapter 153: A Normal Soldier
Multiple battles going on at once, the sound of metal clashing and spells firing resonant in the air. The musty stench of burning wood overwhelmed all other smells as a thin layer of smoke surrounded us.
However, despite the chaos, my battle with the augmenter seemed confined—almost isolated—as if the soldiers around us deliberately left us alone. Whether the people nearby were too focused on their own fights or if there was some sort of illusion put in place, I couldn’t quite tell, but it left me with more questions.
Just from the short exchange I had with this augmenter and his helper, now just barely a yards away, I could tell that their fighting tactics were fundamentally different than ours. The conjurer manifested a thin veil of mana around the augmenter’s body at his command. While my opponent’s injuries remained, he no longer looked fatigued as he rose from his knee with renewed vigor.
With a click of his tongue, he peeled his eyes from me and focused his gaze elsewhere. It was obvious he was signaling to someone else, but he was looking in a different direction from where the conjurer that’d protected him was.
With a stern nod, his gaze fell back to me. Mana enveloped his hands into the same claw-shaped form as before and just as he readied himself to attack, the faint hiss grew louder behind me confirmed my suspicion.
Remembering my mana interpretation training with Myre back in Epheotus, I was tempted to activate Realmheart to finish this off quickly but decided against anything that’d draw too much attention to myself.
I whipped around in time to see a blast of fire hurtling toward me. Condensing a gale of wind to spiral around my hand like a drill, I dispersed the fire spell only to pivot away from the augmenter’s strike immediately. The moss-covered roots nearby caught on fire from the scattered embers of the conjurer’s spell. The once lush clearing within the forest was turning into a pit of blood and fire as more and more soldiers on both sides began piling on the ground.
The augmenter’s movements were rather concise and well-coordinated despite the uneven terrain, but years of sparring against Kordri had made his attacks seem sluggish. The augmenter landed deftly, his mana claws only hitting air.
“He was right. You’re not just some foot soldier,” he spat as he whirled back around in preparation to pounce on me once more.
<em>Was he only capable of using those mana claws?</em>
“He?” I asked, bewildered as to who could’ve possibly given him this information.
He remained silent and dashed toward me, using a tree stump as a foothold to leap off of with his mana claws poised to strike.
I positioned myself to meet the assault head on but when his claws were just inches away from my face, I withdrew my own fist and swayed to the left. I drove my fist toward the augmenter’s open ribs when the veil of mana surrounding his body gathered toward the area I had intended to attack.
My augmented fist was met with a solid thud before the mana barrier protecting my opponent’s ribs cracked. Just the force of my punch sent the augmenter tumbling to the ground, but when he got back up, there was only an expression of frustration, not pain.
I looked over my shoulder, focusing my gaze at the conjurer again. With his brows knitted in concentration and hands trembling, I could tell that he was the one that’d blocked my attack, not the augmenter. What confused me, and further defending my suspicion was how the soldiers around the conjurer seemed to ignore him—allies and enemies alike.
<em>Is there really something like an illusion around us?</em>
Just then, another fireball shot toward me but it was little more than an annoyance at this point. The spell had come from a different direction but I knew where the conjurer was hiding: fifty feet away directly ahead, positioned somewhere on top of a cluster of large moss-covered rocks.
“She’s over there, right?” I asked with a smirk, pointing in her direction.
The augmenter’s face paled but he remained silent. He pulled himself up to his feet with the help of a nearby tree despite his fatigue, desperation evident on his rugged face. Keeping his deep set eyes locked on mine, he clapped his hands just once. As soon as he did, multiple images of the augmenter began forming around me, resolving my suspicion—there was illusion or deceptive magic involved.
Soon, there was at least a dozen figures of the augmenter all in different—very life-like—poses, all ready to attack.
I looked at the illusions manifested around me, noticing that both Dicathen and Alacryan soldiers were unaware of what was happening, and let out a stifled laugh.
“This is funny?” the augmenter growled, his voice coming from all of the clones as well.
“I’m sorry,” I sighed, still smiling. Looking up, I surveyed the dozen or so augmenters, all with glowing mana claws that couldn’t be distinguished from one another. “Thanks to this illusion, I can let loose a little.”
Poking my conscious deep into my mana core, I activated Realmheart. A burst of mana exploded out of me as my vision faded into an achromatic state. I could feel the comfortable warmth as the glowing runes flowed down my arms and my back while my long hair began shining with a twinge of silvery hue rather than turning completely white.
The clones that had once seemed identical in my normal state were now no more than clusters of mana shaped into the form of a man. All but one appeared to be a mass of white mana particles. What surprised me was that the illusion wasn’t invoked by the hidden conjurer but the ‘shield.’
Locking my gaze on the augmenter, it was obvious from his expression that he knew there was something dreadfully oppressing about me. Beads of sweat rolled down his face as he regarded me with fearful perplexity. Ignoring his wariness, the augmenter—along with all of his clones—dashed toward me.
At the same time, the mage conjured another blast of fire—larger, this time—in sync with the augmenter’s assault. Raising my output of mana, I ignored the illusions of the augmenter and aimed for the real augmenter’s mana claws head on, shattering his spell. Grabbing a tight hold of his exposed hand, I used his momentum to redirect him toward the fire blast.
I caught a glimpse of my opponent’s eyes widening in horror before being struck by the full brunt of his ally’s spell.
Several layers of barriers attempted to protect the augmenter but they all shattered from the force of the blast. Still, the augmenter’s life was preserved thanks to that.
The illusory clones flickered before disappearing as I turned my attention toward the conjurer hiding in the tree.
Wordlessly, I raised my left arm and coalesced mana into the tips of my fingers.
“Shiel—Cayfer! Protect Maylin!” the augmenter roared, still struggling to get up from the ground.
The conjurer named Cayfer that the augmenter had referred to as ‘shield’ nodded furiously as I finished preparing my spell. Jagged vines of electricity coiled down my arm like a serpent, gathering at the tips of my index and middle finger.
Using my right arm to help stabilize my aim, I concentrated on the hidden conjurer that was now clearly visible thanks to Realmheart.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“Release,” I muttered.
The thin bullet of lightning shot out from the tips of my two fingers, piercing directly through the trees that stood in between me and the hidden mage.
The layers of translucent barriers that formed in the bullet’s path were instantly shattered until my spell hit the cluster of rocks I had been aiming at.
There was no dramatic scream or howl of pain in the distance, only the soft thud of the mage’s limp body falling off the boulder.
“No! Maylin!” the barrier caster cried out as he ran toward his fallen comrade, abandoning his post.
As the mage fell and Cayfer’s concentration broke, the illusion surrounding us disappeared. As if a window had been open, the world became clearer around me and the near-muted volume of the battle going on resumed in full blast. It wasn’t long before I got swept up in the chaos of battle.
I released Realmheart but brought out Dawn’s Ballad from my dimension ring. The translucent teal sword glimmered as its blade arched around me, drawing blood wherever it hit its target.
The battle between the two sides had gone on for less than an hour, yet the ground was littered with corpses and body parts—severed legs, lopped off heads, and chopped arms still spewing blood.
The cold winter air did little to mask the acrid stench of blood and burning flesh, while the dense array of trees surrounding the battle further amplified the cacophony of screams.
While the enemy was fewer in number, they had much more mages than our divisions. Augmenters with mana-imbued weapons pierced through our foot soldiers while conjurers struck from a distance.
Enemies rushed me in the heat of battle, some with unique techniques like the mana-clawed augmenter that was nowhere to be seen—whips of fire, armor made of stone. There was one enemy augmenter that’d killed several of our soldiers by conjuring water down their throats until they’d drown.
Yet, none of that made a difference to me. My mind grew numb at one point as my body seemed to be moving on my own. I’d killed only a handful of men but I was already slick with blood. My tunic and pants stuck to my skin, but I couldn’t tell if it was from sweat or blood.
Words were hardly spoken in the midst of battle. Words were useless. Instead, soldiers from both sides let out primitive cries as they fought, drunk on adrenaline as they flailed their weapons.
As I drew my blade from the bloody chest of another man, I clicked my tongue. There was nothing good about this. Death of a beast was one thing, but both sides were of the same kind.
I kicked away the limp body and used its clothes to wipe the blood from my sword. I’d conserved much of my mana but constantly fighting for almost an hour had taken a toll on my body.
I surveyed the other soldiers when the sight of a familiar person caught my eyes. She had just parried her opponent’s axe to the ground when her gaze landed on mine as well. Her lips were curved up into a confident smile as she positioned to drive her gauntlet into her opponent’s face.
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>CEDRY</strong></span>
I dashed forward, slipping and swaying out of the Alacryan’s reach until he was open. Then I drove my gauntlet to his side, the satisfying crack of his ribs indicating that he was down.
“Slut,” the narrow-eyed man spat as he buckled over, blood leaking from his lips. He desperately grabbed onto me to keep from falling, his hands landing over the leather padding protecting my breasts. With a lewd smirk on his half-closed eyes, he used the last bit of his strength to rip my armor off of me.
Breaking his wrist with a firm chop, I put the ugly bastard out of his misery with a firm slam to his head. I couldn’t help but grin, elated and thrilled by the victory as an intense furor built up inside me.
Another fool tried to sneak behind my back but I dodged his sword and whipped around. A short bearded Alacryan raised his shield as he prepared to strike again.
My heart pounded and everything seemed a bit sluggish like the night before after ten mugs of ale. I swung my fist, augmenting my body and gauntlet, and punched straight through the soldier’s metal shield.
The clash made a sharp ring that stung my ear, but the force of my strike caused the bearded soldier to drop his shield. I didn’t give him the time to recover, pivoting off of my lead leg to gain momentum for a roundhouse chop.
The soldier’s eyes widened as he desperately tried to bring his arm up to block my strike but his shield arm wouldn’t lift, still numb from the shock of my earlier punch. He couldn’t bring his sword up fast enough as the blade of my hand reached his prominent Adam’s apple.
The soldier fell back, squirming with his hands wrapped around his neck as he struggled to breathe. After a desperate gurgle, his body felt limp before me.
I let out a fearsome roar. <em>No man can belittle me here. Only strength is absolute on the battlefield!</em>
My cry attracted the attention of a nearby axe-wielder. While his body was much larger than mine, his movements were slow. As he swung down, his axe began glowing yellow while a layer of mana began spreading over his body. Looking at the different elemental affinity of mana surrounding his axe compared to his body, it seemed like someone else had cast a spell to protect him, but I didn’t have time to question. I didn’t have time to be surprised. Strength is absolute.
I willed all of my mana into my right fist as I turned my body to the side to dodge his attack. I caught a glimpse of my reflection as the flat of his axe swung down; there was a euphoric—almost crazed—smile pasted on my face.
I used the momentum of his attack and parried the axe down to the ground when I spotted him. It was the country boy that beat everyone he’d sparred against—even Madam Astera. There were talks of some of the soldiers mentioning the kid was a lance. I’d scoffed at the ridiculous notion at the time, but as I stood here, just a few dozen feet away from him and the pile of corpses strewn around him, I couldn’t help but wonder if they were right.
My eyes finally met his but rather than the calm, playful expression he’d worn all through last night, his eyes were widened as he desperately mouthed something to me.
I couldn’t hear what he was saying but it didn’t matter, I’d ask him later. The axe-wielder was still struggling to pull his weapon out from the ground, when I felt a sharp searing pain in my chest.
In an instant, all of my strength and furor was seeped dry. My hands could no longer clench into fists. The ground suddenly seemed closer as I realized I’d fallen to my knees. I looked down at the source of my pain, only to see a gaping hole where my chest used to be.
I instinctively tried to cover the hole with my hands, only feel a burning pain spread on my palm. I pried my gaze away from my wound to the ground in front of me, finding my answer there—a scorched crater just a foot away.
I lost feeling in my legs as I crumpled to the floor. I grew sleepy and cold, my last thought of how tall the bloodstained grass looked from down here.


Chapter 154

Chapter 154
Chapter 154: Changing Tides
I gnashed my teeth at the sight of Cedry’s body falling limp on the ground. The enemy axe-wielder pried his weapon out of the ground and prepared to swing down, his arrogant sneer exposing his yellow teeth, when a thin blade protruded out of his gorget.
As the axe-wielder’s body slumped, Jona—Cedry’s friend—came into view. With a firm tug, he pulled out his bloodied dagger from the man he’d just stabbed before kneeling down next to Cedry.
<em>Idiot. What are you doing in the middle of a battle?</em>
I was inclined to leave him; that’s what Grey would’ve done. But I was reminded of last night—the talk we had before I went up to fight onstage, and the carefree night of drinking that followed shortly after. I hardly knew them more than the enemies I was facing but the sentiments that we’d briefly shared the night before—albeit, half-drunk—tugged at my consciousness, nudging me to help him.
With an annoyed click of my tongue, I dashed toward Jona, who was cradling Cedry’s corpse tenderly in his arms. An enemy augmenter, pulling the tip of his spear out of a soldier’s head, caught sight of Jona. Even underneath his helmet that covered much of his face, it was obvious that he was grinning at his luck.
Concentrating on the ground just below his feet, I shot a stone spike at the enemy. The spear-wielder narrowly avoided a fatal injury, flopping awkwardly to the ground as he clutched his bleeding side.
I increased the output of mana to my body and dashed toward the wounded soldier. As he lay rolling on the ground in pain, I stepped on his chest to keep him steady.
Mercilessly, I drove Dawn’s Ballad deep into the breastplate of the spear-wielder and watched the light go out in his eyes.
With one fluid motion, I slid my sword out and drew an arc, getting rid of the blood on the blade, before tugging Jona by the scruff of his neck.
“You need to get out of here,” I growled, shaking him.
He looked back at me, his eyes flooded with tears. “Cedry, you’re going to be okay.” he mumbled, his gaze distant as he clung onto his half-elf companion’s body like an infant.
The sharp whistles of incoming arrows and the faint hiss of spells approaching drew my attention, but with both my arms occupied I could only do so much. I’d been stingy in my usage of mana purely because of the unlikely scenario that I’d have to fight against one of the four scythes or a retainer but if I wanted to get Jona and Cedry to a safe place, I’d need to expend more mana than I’d want to.
Grey’s voice echoed in my head, chastising me, urging me to leave them and conserve my mana for the worst-case scenario.
Cursing under my breath, I knocked Jona out with a firm punch to his solar plexus. His body spasmed from the shock I’d added to ensure that he’d be out cold as I heaved him over my shoulders and used my free arm to scoop the half-elf’s body under my arm.
Cedry’s thin corpse weighed more than Jona’s body as I held her by her waist. I couldn’t do anything about her arms and blonde hair dragging on the ground, but Jona’s unconscious body seemed to take offense, his arms dangling towards her from my shoulder, as if trying to scoop her up.
Ignoring the creeping desire to just drop them back to the ground, I freely released the mana I had been conserving. An intoxicating sense of power rushed out of my core, spreading out to my limbs and filling me with renewed strength. Tuning out the chaotic clamor around me, I focused entirely on the mana surrounding me.
Because of the expanding layer smoke and fire, I willed a spiraling barrier around us as I prepared to rush them back to base. A translucent layer of mana whirled around us as a torrent of wind and stone began shaping itself into a sphere.
Strengthening my body, I pushed off the ground. Immediately, I had to tighten my grip around Jona and Cedry to keep them from falling. The barrier I’d conjured remained strong as arrows and spells bombarded it. Sparks ignited each time an enemy hit my barrier, deflecting or redirecting anything that came our way, but the spell was constantly eating away my mana reserves.
Thanks to the mana rotation technique I’d learned from Sylvia, even such a superfluous spell like this could be recovered back in a fairly short amount of time.
I plowed through the battlefield, gritting my teeth to cope with the weight of my two passengers as I concentrated solely on keeping the barrier active despite the intensifying attacks on it.
My body jerked as a particularly powerful spell bombarded my barrier but I held firm and increased the amount of mana into the barrier. Cries from the enemy soldiers ordering their subordinates to bring me down echoed within the forest.
<em>At least with all of their conjurers focused on me, </em>Vanesy<em> and her soldiers will have an easier time,</em> I thought.
As soon as I was out of the main battle, I released my spell. Immediately, an augmented arrow skimmed my cheek, drawing blood. The force of the arrow brought down a tree beside me, catching me by surprise.
With Jona’s limp body sagged over my shoulder, I had to turn around to see who I was up against. Before I could spot my attacker, two more arrows whizzed toward me.
I had barely a second to react, but that would be enough. Letting out a deep breath, I murmured, “Static Void.”
The deadly arrows were only inches away from me when I released the first phase of my dragon’s will. The world grew still as even the chaotic sounds of battle deafened.
In one swift movement, I positioned my right foot on top of one arrow and bit down on the shaft of the other arrow. Releasing Static Void, my neck immediately jerked from the force of the arrow in my mouth as the arrow beneath my foot buried into the ground.
Whipping my head towards the direction of the attacker, I released a torrent of pure mana. For a moment, the afternoon sky grew dark as terrified birds shot from the trees and littered the sky, sensing the malicious intent I’d let loose.
I stood there for just a second, staring at the space where I thought the enemy archer was, his arrow in my mouth, warning him—warning him what I was capable of if he got in my way.
My unspoken threat seemed to have done the trick because there were no more arrows or spells headed my way. Turning back, I bolted into the dense forest, making my way back toward the edge of the cliff where we’d come from.
“Arthur? What happened?” a voice called out as I lowered Cedry and Jona to the ground at the edge of the encampment.
I looked up to see Madam Astera, blood on her face and on her once white apron. Noticing my gaze, she looked only to shake her head with a faint smile. “Don’t worry, it’s not my blood. I’m just helping the medics and emitters patch up some of the wounded that were brought back.”
I nodded. “I see. In that case, please take care of her”—I pointed to Cedry—“and look after Jona.”
Without waiting for the head chef’s response, I turned around toward the cliff, ready to head back, when something tugged at my boot.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“Why? Why couldn’t you have saved her like you saved me?” Jona’s hoarse voice trembled as he tightened his grip around my ankle.
“I can’t save every soldier in a war,” I replied, unable to look back and face him.
“Liar… I bet you could’ve if you really wanted to. You’re a lance, right? I wasn’t sure until you caught that arrow with your mouth. For a second, I thought I was dreaming because the arrow stopped mid-flight.”
I gnashed my teeth in frustration—not at him, but at myself—and kicked my leg free from his grip. “Like I said, my priority isn’t to save every soldier I come across in war.”
“We might not’ve known each other that long, but if Cedry was alive, there’s no way she would’ve just thought of you as ‘just a soldier,’ General.” There was venom laced in the hiss of my title.
Whipping around, I lifted Jona up by the scruff of his shirt once more and pulled him close. “I’m sorry for your friend, Jona, but pull your head out of your ass. There are enemies out there stronger than you can imagine—stronger than any adventurer you’ve probably worshipped—and you want me to expend all of my energy to save everyone here? If I do that, who’s going to stop them? Who’s going to stop the enemy leaders that can level a mountain if they wanted to?”
The hate and blame from Jona’s eyes disappeared, replaced by guilt and sorrow as tears rolled down his cheeks. “What am I going to do, then? I promised her when we were little. I was finally going to keep the promise… I was going to ask her to marry me.”
At his words my chest ached, twisting into knots as my breath became short and ragged. I struggled to keep composed as I stared into Jona’s grief-struck face.
“I’ll take care of him, Arthur,” Madam Astera whispered, pulling Jona back by his shoulders. “Go on.”
I gave a curt nod and peeled my eyes away from Jona. Heading back up the cliff, my mind was clouded with thoughts of Jona and Cedry. I saw them spar, I saw them bicker, and I saw them laugh together, but I never thought much of their relationship.
“Damn it,” I cursed as I weaved through the dense array of trees. The sounds of battle grew louder but my thoughts were focused on Jona’s last words.
The faint whistle of an arrow snapped me back to reality. I spun out of the path of the projectile and conjured several throwing knives out of condensed ice, throwing them at the enemy archer without breaking stride. The pained grunt of the archer and the hollow thud of his body falling from the tree sounded behind me.
A few feet later, a bolt of electricity crackled toward me. The spell was powerful but by the way it branched out and weakened, I could tell the caster was inexperienced in the deviant magic. Sidestepping away, I gathered mana to the tips of my fingers once more and released the spell.
Unlike my attacker’s lightning, mine shot out like a bullet. However, just as my spell was about to hit its target, a metal wall erected from the ground, deflecting the streak of lightning harmlessly to the sky until it dissipated.
<em>Annoying</em>. While fighting against the Alacryans, I began to see a pattern. For every augmenter or conjurer fighting, there seemed to be a different conjurer whose sole duty was to protect them. The archer earlier didn’t seem to be an augmenter, which explained why he went down so easily.
Because the enemy conjurers and augmenters weren’t focused on protecting themselves while fighting, their attacks were much more relentless and brash.
My mood had turned sour since dropping Jona and Cedry back at camp, and my temper grew as more and more enemies attacked.
“Fine! You know what? The more of you all I kill, the less my soldiers will die!” I spat, revealing a menacing smirk. “Realmheart!”
Conjurers and augmenters that were hiding now stuck out like sore thumbs as they prepared their attacks. As the particles gathered around them, swirling and spinning in preparation, it became all too clear what sort of spells they were conjuring, but I needed more time to counter them.
All thoughts of conservation were gone as I once again released the first phase of my dragon’s will. The world froze once more and I quickly assessed the spells needed to counter the attacks of twelve different enemies. “Three blasts of fire, a barrage of sharpened rocks, augmented arrows, a lightning spell, condensed bullets of water, and one of the conjurers was planning on burying my feet from under me to keep me from moving. Easy enough,” I murmured. Like I thought, conjuring the barrier earlier to save Jona had drawn a lot of attention.
Seconds ticked inside the suspended realm of Static Void. My body felt heavier but I didn’t care. This was nothing. I released Static Void as soon as I was ready and retaliated.
Immediately, spells detonated from all around me, a cacophony of screams and wails mixed in as well. Enemy and ally soldiers alike looked around, confused by the sudden explosion.
As I heaved out a breath, I couldn’t help but smile in satisfaction. Rather than canceling the enemy’s spell like how Lady Myre had taught me by using mana interpretation, I overloaded the Alacryan soldiers’ spells, causing a deadly backfire.
“How’s that, Jona! Are you satisfied?” I fumed.
“Arthur!” a clear voice called out from behind.
Looking over my shoulder, I spotted Captain Glory. She wore a hardened expression as her two long swords dripped with blood. Her once tied hair had come loose and was caked with mud and dried blood, and her armor wasn’t any better off, but there was still a fire raging in her eyes.
“You look like crap.” My lips formed a pained smile, relieved to see a familiar face.
The corner of her lips curved up into a smirk. “That’s not something you say to a woman even during war.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” I chuckled.
“Anyway, did you do that?” Vanesy asked, looking around.
I nodded. “I was testing something.”
“Testing something during battle? You never change.” She let out a sigh. “Do you think you can do it again?”
“Probably,” I answered when suddenly, Sylvie’s thoughts poured into my head. ‘Arthur, I’m coming back.’ There was a flood of emotions that was laced together with her message: worry, desperation, and fear.
<em>What happened? Did you find something already?</em> I sent back to my bond, her emotions affecting mine.
<em>‘No, I had to stop midway...’ She grew silent for a moment but there was a grim sense of foreboding that made my heart beat faster until she spoke again. ‘Someone is headed your way. Arthur, he’s… he’s strong.’</em>


Chapter 155

Chapter 155
Chapter 155: Why I’m Here
My heartbeat quickened and my palms grew slick with sweat as Sylvie’s emotions leaked onto me, but I had no time to rest; with their conjurers and archers nearby sustaining serious injuries, the enemy augmenters and soldiers were quick to approach us.
“We got some headed our way. Don’t get cold feet on me now,” my former professor chuckled. Her lighthearted tone didn’t suit the screaming and clashing of weapons resounding in the background.
“Cold feet? I’ve been taking the brunt of attacks from their conjurers and archers, trying to establish a pattern in their attacks,” I answered, drawing Dawn’s Ballad and burying its sharp blade in through the breastplate of an enemy soldier in one swift motion.
“Is that how you were able to set off those explosions just now?” Vanesy asked as she parried a large warhammer. It was compelling watching my former professor fight up close without holding back. Her fighting style, combined with her utilization of both earth and fire in a unique way to conjure glass, produced an array of glimmering attacks. She was able to create a layer of sharpened glass around her swords to extend her reach, cleaving down enemies several yards away.
“No, that was something else.” I pulled my sword out from a different enemy. “Vanesy. We should end this battle soon, or at least take it away from here.”
“You say that as if we”—Vanesy ducked, narrowly avoiding the head of an axe—“were purposefully prolonging this battle.”
I swung Dawn’s Ballad, sending a sharp crescent of wind at my former professor’s attacker. With a sharp hiss, blood splurted out from the barrel-chested Alacryan’s unprotected neck. He was only able to let out a soft gurgle before collapsing to the ground, his eyes wide and frantic while his hands pressed down on his fatal injury.
My tone grew stern as I replied. “I’ll admit my priorities may have been a bit different until now, but there’s no time now. Take the battle elsewhere—anywhere away from here.”
Her forehead creased. “What’s going on?”
“There’s going to be someone coming, someone as strong—if not stronger—than me. Get everyone away from here so they don’t get caught in our crossfire.”
Vanesy’s furrowed brow deepened. “Our? You can’t mean—”
I nodded gravely. “This is why I’m here—in case something like this happened. Get everyone away from here.”
“I know you’re strong—actually, I can’t fathom how strong you actually are—but damn it, that doesn’t mean you can’t use any help!”
My eyes loosened as I gave my former professor a look of concern, but remained silent.
“Shit,” my former professor cursed, surveying the battlefield. She looked back at me with a resolute gaze. “Fine, but you better come back alive or I’ll pull you out of hell myself just to send you back.”
I couldn’t help but let out a chortle from her ridiculous threat. “I promise.”
Vanesy took a step back and saluted me before Torch swooped down from the sky. The captain jumped onto the flare hawk and bellowed out, “Dicathens! Retreat!”
Like that, the tide of battle shifted. Vanesy flew overhead, rallying her men that might not have heard, but already our soldiers had begun edging back while defending themselves from our enemies.
I watched as our soldiers withdrew, holding back any enemies that tried to chase after them, but there were simply too many.
<em>It’s okay</em>, I told myself. The Alacryan soldiers weren’t the problem. Vanesy and Captain Auddyr’s divisions were going to have to manage.
I put away Dawn’s Ballad and made my way toward the edge of the clearing. Jumping up onto a tree, I conjured a cushion of wind underneath my feet and made my way southward, hopping from one branch to another.
Just beyond the clearing, the tame trees, evenly spaced and maintained by woodcutters from the nearby town, became more wild and dense. There were large trees strewn below, fallen in storms. The harsh winter had stripped away much of the bark but by the thin layer of frost on the untouched ground, it seemed like the Alacryan Army hadn’t passed by here when they made their way up.
The only sound around me was the rustling of leaves and the occasional snaps of branches from the wildlife.
<em>Sylvie. Are you there? How close are you?</em>
I was met with only silence from my repeated attempts at establishing contact with my bond. She was either too far away, which shouldn’t be the case, or intentionally ignoring me.
<em>‘Aren’t you a cute boy. Could it be that you’re lost?’</em>
I flinched from the unfamiliar voice that rang in my head, nearly falling off the branch I was perched on. Whipping my head left and right, I tried to locate the source of the sound.
I wanted to move but my body froze—not from the cold, but from a tangible fear. A deep sense of dread creeped up like a rising tide, slowly but surely, as I surveyed the area.
Even with augmented vision and hearing, I couldn’t find her. Yet, I knew she was there, her high, grating voice still scratching the insides of my ears.
<em>‘Are you, perhaps, looking for little ol’ me?’</em> her shrill voice screeched inside my head like a coarse blade being dragged against ice. I gnashed my teeth, trying to keep calm. My mind knew she was intentionally intimidating me but my body couldn’t help but fall victim to her tactic.
Her voice seemed to come from all around me and at the same time, inside me. My limbs grew stiff as my heart beat hard enough to break out of my ribcage.
Without a second thought, I bit down on my lower lip. As the pain and metallic taste of blood washed over my tongue, freeing me from the holds of her killing intent, I immediately activated Realmheart.
The once lush green and brown scenery washed down into shades of gray with only speckles of color radiating from the mana around me.
Unable to see any sources of mana fluctuation, I began to doubt what I heard—no, I wanted to doubt what I heard. Suddenly a flicker of light whizzed past the corner of my eye like a green shadow. It was almost impossible to follow the shadow’s movement but if I kept my eyes unfocused, I could catch glimpses of her movement.
The green shadow stopped. From her location, it looked like she was inside the trunk of a tree about thirty feet away.
<em>‘Sharp eyes, little boy. Sharp eyes.’</em> She moved once more, travelling from inside one tree to another, using branches as if they were tunnels, leaving behind traces of sickly green mana. My eyes darted, trying to follow her movement as she let out a cackle of laughter that echoed in the thick forest.
“Your eyes look like they’re spinning, dear,” she teased, her shrill voice just as earsplitting out loud as it was in my head.
“Am I here?” she asked, farther away this time.
“How about here?” Her grating voice sounded to my left.
She let out a childish giggle. “Maybe I’m here!”
Her voice seemed to grow more distant than before. Was she trying to avoid me?
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“I could be over there…” she taunted once more, her voice suddenly coming several yards away to my right.
“Or I could be right here!” Suddenly, an arm shot out from inside the tree I was perched on.
I had no time to react as her hand gripped around my neck, spreading a searing pain across my throat and collar. I was lifted into the air, held by my neck, as the source of the shrill voice came out of the tree.
I gripped at her bony pale arm, splotched with discolored marks as I tried to break free from her hold. She was wearing a sparkling black dress that accentuated her body’s tall and sickly thin frame. I could practically see her ribs through the thin piece of fabric that would’ve looked elegant had it been worn by any other woman.
I struggled to lift my gaze high enough to see her face, but what stared back at me was a ceramic mask with a doll-like face masterfully drawn. Long, scraggly black hair was tied into two ponytails behind her head with a bow tied at each end.
“My, what a handsome young boy you are,” she whispered from behind her mask, the drawn eyes looking straight at me.
Like a bolt of electricity, a shiver shot down my spin at her words, making me struggle harder. My neck felt like it was being constantly branded as the burning pain became almost unbearable. Struggling with the last of my consciousness, I willed mana into my palms.
With Realmheart still active, I could physically see the specs of blue mana gathering around my hands, turning into a shimmering white as I formed a spell. Tightening my grip around her wrist, I released my spell.
[Absolute Zero]
She immediately let go of my neck and pulled her arm away from my grasp. Upon release, I fell from the tree, crashing through a hollow log on the ground.
“The little puppy has a bit of a bite,” she reprimanded from atop the tree.
I hurriedly got back up onto my feet, ignoring the burning pain still radiating from my neck, but the woman was already in front of me, looking down through the small eyeholes of her mask. Her right arm was discolored and swollen from where I was able to briefly touch her with the spell.
She shook her head. “No matter. I’ll just have to be a bit more strict in your training.”
My body involuntarily took a step back. She had no intention of killing me; she just wanted me as some sort of pet.
“What’s your name, my dear?” she whispered, looking away as she buried her right arm inside the tree behind her.
“My mother told me not to talk to strangers, especially ones as… strange as yourself,” I answered, wincing from the pain as I gingerly touched the wound on my neck. Usually, thanks to assimilating with Sylvia’s will, I’d feel my body already healing, but the injury she inflicted was different.
“Not to worry. We’ll get acquainted soon enough,” she replied, pulling her arm back out of the tree, the wound marked by my spell nowhere on her arm. The tree she’d pulled her arm out from now had a gaping hole in it, like someone had branded it with acid.
She took long strides, her scar-marked legs sinking into the ground as if she were wading through water. “Unfortunately, we don’t have much time as I have tasks to finish. Any chance that you’d willingly be this beautiful lady’s slave?”
I drew Dawn’s Ballad out of my dimension ring. “Sorry, I’ll have to refuse.”
“They always do.” The bony woman let out a sigh as she shook her head. “It’s okay, half the fun is breaking the will of a disobedient slave.”
As she finished talking, mana the color of rotted seaweed began gathering beneath my feet. Immediately, I jumped back, just in time to avoid a cluster of murky hands that shot out from the ground. The humanoid arms or mana clawed the air before sinking back into the corroded ground.
The woman tilted her head but I couldn’t see her expression through her disturbing mask. Through Realmheart, the spells seemed to have a similar attribute to wood, like Tessia, but with every spell she conjured, it left a mark of corrosion.
I slid my fingers down my burning neck, afraid of what I’d see in my reflection. More of the murky green mana gathered around the mysterious enemy, but before she had the chance to finish her spell, I shot out a stone spike from the ground beside her. I watched as the earthen spear dissolved instantly the moment it made contact with her.
“You’re just prolonging the inevitable, my dear,” she cooed in her high, grating voice that made me want to claw my ears off.
She raised both arms, conjuring more pools of mana on the ground and on trees around me, only visible because of my unique vision.
My first thought was how I should save mana during this battle when I realized for the first time in a long while that I had no reason to hold back. Most likely, she was either a retainer or scythe, one of the key enemies that I had spent years training to fight against in the land of asuras.
Breaking open the metaphoric wall I had built to control my mana, I felt a rush of mana pour out of my core. The once dim runes that ran down my arms and back glowed brightly, blatantly apparent even through the thick mantle I wore over my undershirt.
Particles of mana in blue, red, green and yellow rushed out of my body while the mana in my vicinity swirled and gathered, drawn to my body like moths to a fire.
“Looks like I found someone special,” the woman effused as she crossed her raised arms, invoking her spell. Dozens of vine-like arms appendages erupted from the ground and shot out from the trunks and branches of nearby trees.
My expression remained calm, her imposing intent no longer affecting me, as the disfigured hands of mana reached for me with their spindly fingers. A small crater formed in the ground below my feet as I dashed toward the slender witch of a woman, ignoring her spell.
I ducked and swayed, dodging the vine-like hands that followed my movement, never breaking my stride as I reached the witch. I was just inches away from reach, yet the woman didn’t even flinch, confident in the aura that had dissolved my earlier spell.
“Absolute Zero,” I whispered, coalescing the spell completely around my body.
The murky green hands that froze inches before contact became a disturbing statue that only philosophers could put meaning to.
My first instinct was to swing Dawn’s Ballad but I was afraid that my sword would end up like the stone spear, so I took one last step, just before her feet, and willed the aura of ice to form into a claw-like gauntlet around my left hand like the augmenter had done back at the start of my earlier battle. As my spell collided with her aura, a cloud of steam hissed out, blocking my vision.
It only took one gulp of breath to realize that the steam was toxic. My body immediately reacted, sending me to my knees in a fit of coughs as both my innards and skin began burning. The toxic gas surrounding me had already melted a lot of my clothes, exposing the runes on my arms. It was the fading of the golden runes that snapped me out of my daze.
The runes, imparted onto me by Sylvia and the very symbol of how this all started pulled me out from the cold grip of darkness.
I promptly created a small vacuum to suck the toxins out of my searing lungs. It helped, but with no air to breathe and the oxygen from my lungs sucked out, I was left with just a matter of seconds until I blacked out.
The fog, as toxic as it was, covered me from the witch’s eyes. She’d assumed I’d have fainted by now, or worse, so I used that opportunity. Locating her mana signature with the help of Realmheart, I waited for the right opportunity to strike while fighting my body’s unwillingness to stay conscious.
Seconds seemed like hours, reminding me of my time spent with my consciousness in the aether orb, when she finally drew close enough. While she shouldn’t be able to sense the mana fluctuation around me from the effects of Mirage Walk, I could only pray that she wouldn’t be able to see the dim glow of my sword.
With the last bit of energy, I triggered Static Void, stopping time around me as I exploded to my feet and struck her with Dawn’s Ballad. My sword crackled as it seemed to tear through space, imbued with a gleaming white lightning that seemed almost holy as I released time just before my blade made contact with her face.
The force of my swing spread the cloud of acid covering both of us, but even without seeing, I knew I’d somehow missed my target. I shuddered as my gaze fell to the blade in my hand, or rather, what was left of it. The tip of Dawn’s Ballad, forged by an asura, had been corroded flat with an inch of the teal blade gone. However, spotting the faint trace of blood on my blade, I shifted my glance to the witch.
I could only see the point of her sharp chin as her head was reeled back, a thin trail of blood rolling down the side of her neck. The entire forest seemed to have quieted in fear as the only sound I heard was the shattering of her mask on the dirt floor.


Chapter 156

Chapter 156
Chapter 156: A Lance’s Battle
“Where’s my mask?”
The witch’s hands fumbled over her face, still angled away from my line of sight.
“My mask. I need my mask,” she kept repeating as she realized her face was now bare. The witch tore away at her unruly black mane, clawing at her ponytails and using her undone hair as a curtain to cover her face. She kneeled on the ground, gathering the small shards of her shattered mask as she continued muttering.
I let out ragged breaths as I slowly inched away in fear of what she might do. I had used Static Void with Realmheart activated and in return, the tip of my sword was now gone.
The thatch of unruly black hair that fell over her face rustled as she began fitting together the broken pieces in a desperate attempt to make them whole. Suddenly, she clutched the pile she had so desperately gathered, clawing the ground along with it.
“My mask!” she screeched, gripping at the shards until her hands bled.
Watching the particles of mana congregating to form a murky green aura around her, I had no time think.
The faint purple particles of aether started vibrating as I activated Static Void once more. Ignoring my body’s protest, I rushed toward to strike the witch before the corroding aura completely enveloped her again.
With time stopped, I could close the gap without fearing that she would be able to react to me, but unlike my previous attempt, I wouldn’t be able to utilize the mana in the atmosphere—only the meager reserves I had left in my core.
Jagged vines of white crackled around the teal blade of my sword as I dashed toward the witch. With the spell considerably weaker than my previous attack, a sense of doubt began creeping up inside me.
I released the time-freezing mana art right as the flat tip of my sword buried itself in the green aura’s opening just above her left knee. The ever-familiar sensation of metal piercing through flesh was accompanied by the crackle of electricity spreading through the witch’s body. Yet the blood that leaked from her wound wasn’t the same red that came from her hand but rather a muddy green.
The site of where the wound should’ve been hissed as the murky green blood began congealing around Dawn’s Ballad.
As the witch raised her gaze from the ground, her thick wiry hair parted, she revealed to me what she had been so desperately trying to hide.
I tugged Dawn’s Ballad, wanting nothing more than to retreat. It wasn’t just her gnarled skin that looked more aged than the bark of the centuries-old trees surrounding us, or the two narrow slits between her sunken cheeks. It wasn’t even her thin leathery lips that were darker than her hair or her jagged teeth stained yellow.
It was her blood-curdling stare, radiating from the ghoulish pair of misshapen eyes, that filled me with a sense of dread. Unlike any monster or beast I’d faced since coming to this world, her dark hollow eyes that seemed like they had been gouged out and shoved back deep inside her skull made me wonder if this was the sort of demon that spawned from the depths of hell.
“Now that you’ve seen me in this state, I’m afraid that I can’t keep you as a pet,” she muttered, nearly whispering as she gripped my sword with one of her bloody hands.
I winced involuntarily as she spoke. My mind spun as I tried feebly to pull Dawn’s Ballad out of her grasp, trying to figure out what to do in this situation.
As I tore my gaze away from her terrifying stare, I watched in despair as her aura had nearly enveloped her whole body.
Unable to muster up the strength to trigger Static Void again, I looked down at my legs. I could still hear Lady Myre’s voice, warning me not to use Burst Step again. Glancing up, the murky green cloud slowly spread until only faint gaps the width of a feather were left.
I made my decision.
Letting go of my precious sword, I released a sharp breath to brace myself for the pain soon to come. Like the pistons of an engine in my old world, mana burst into specific muscles in progression with precise timing in the span of a millisecond, allowing my body to near-instantly flash from my original position.
I gritted through the mind-numbing pain that felt like the bones in my lower body were slowly smouldering inside a fire, and stabbed my hand through the faint chasm in her aura. Even with my hand coalesced with Absolute Zero, the deteriorating effects of her defenses seeped into my hand upon contact with her skin.
The witch let out a pained growl as she tried to pull herself away but my grip around her right arm stayed strong.
The flesh of my bare hand soon became painfully red as more and more layers of flesh began corroding. However, the effects of my spell showed signs that it was working. Her right arm, which had been gripping my sword impaled in her left thigh, turned a sickly dark color. Unlike frostbite that occured in nature, her arm began to freeze from where I was gripping her rather than from her fingers. She could no longer move her arm as the layers of skin and tissues had froze.
Before the effects of Absolute Zero could spread to her body, the witch cleaved down at her frozen arm with her other hand, tearing the limb completely from the shoulder.
A sharp, burning pain spread from my hand, reminding me of the injury I had sustained in exchange for her severed arm, which shattered like glass as I dropped it on the ground.
I wasn’t sure whether it was a good thing or not but looking down, the wound looked worse than it felt. Almost as if the skin on my left hand had been dipped in a batter of acid, yellow pus formed on the raw flesh of my hand, sending a surge of pain with even the slightest twitch.
Ripping off a piece of cloth at the end of my mantle, I gently wrapped it around my injured hand, keeping my jaw clenched through the entire process.
“How dare you!” the witch snarled. With a deranged fire in her hollow green eyes, she tore off chunks of her thick black hair to reveal a small stump just above her forehead.
“I am a Vritra! I’ll thoroughly make sure you feel the consequences of making a lady go through such… disgrace!” she screamed as she ripped off more of her mangled hair. “I’ll melt your limbs off and keep you as a trophy! I’ll cut off your tongue and feed you through a tube so you can only dream about dying!”
“Oh? You’ll have to at least be a scythe to even think about doing that,” I huffed, hoping she’d take the bait.
“A scythe? A scythe?” she howled, hobbling toward a nearby tree with Dawn’s Ballad still impaled in her left knee. “I’ll wipe that condescending woman off the face of Alacrya and take her place! Just because she’s a little attractive and her grunts fawn over her, she thinks she’s better than me? I’ll show her how degrading it is to be her retainer!”
Remembering how the witch had healed her hand earlier by submerging it inside a tree, I ignored the shrieks of protest from my legs and rushed to her.
She swung her only arm, releasing a gust of the smoke that’d nearly melted my lungs.
I activated Burst Step once more, dodging the poisonous smoke and closing the gap in a blink. Tendrils of black lightning coiled around my right arm. Rather than attempting to break through her corroding aura and risk mutilating another hand, I gripped the handle of my sword still embedded in her thigh. Acting as a conductor, the branches of electricity coiled down my sword into the witch’s body.
Her body immediately stiffened and jerked in a fit of convulsions from the current of lightning passing through her body. I could see her trying to fight back but I became hopeful as her hollow eyes reeled back.
Her head spasmed but there was still strength in her as her glossy eyes slowly came back into focus. The witch’s gnarled face cracked like dry soil as splotches of charred skin spread over her body.
Please, just die, I pleaded in my head as my decreasing mana reserves made me fear for the possibility of backlash.
Suddenly, I was wrenched back from the witch. As if I had been prodded by an iron brand, a searing pain radiated from my shoulder as I was sent tumbling back on the ground. Without looking back, I coated my hand in an icy aura and reached over my shoulder to pry off the fingers of mana she had conjured.
The witch was once again desperately trying to reach a nearby tree, just a few feet away, when I conjured an earthen wall.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
Despite the thick wall surrounding her, she continued on with her staggering gait, unfaltered. The green aura surrounding her, despite being weakened because of my attack earlier, still managed to easily dissolve the wall.
I had no choice but to rely on Burst Step once more to stop her from healing her wounds when an all-too-familiar voice rang in my head.
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie cried as her large body cast a shadow over my head.
Perfect timing, I replied, my voice sounding strained even in my head. Gathering up as much mana as my body would allow without succumbing to the harsh effects of backlash, I conjured a torrent of wind underneath the witch’s feet.
“Catch!” I roared as I sent my opponent spiraling up in the air toward my bond.
Sylvie immediately dived down and grasped the witch using her long claws. With the weakened state of the witch, her aura had little effect on my bond. Her armored scales kept her protected long enough for her to soar up into the sky.
The two of them got lost in the clouds as Sylvie continued carrying the Vritra up.
‘She’s lost consciousness,’ Sylvie stated, the mental transmission sounding distant and muffled.
Drop her here, I transmitted, still on the ground.
‘I’ll do a little more than drop,’ she let out a growl.
After meditating just a bit longer for one last spell, I struggled up to my feet, my trembling legs barely keeping me standing.
With my good arm raised, I converged mana to form the head of a spear. The runes on my arms flickered and dimmed but still remained, helping me utilize as much of the mana in the atmosphere as possible. I could feel the temperature drop as the spear of ice expanded to the size of a tree.
As I steadily condensed the ice, the crude pike that I’d conjured took shape into a mighty lance large enough to be wielded by a titan. The lance continually changed, further refining itself as I condensed and molded it with the surrounding mana.
Feeling my legs giving out, I quickly raised the ground around me to support my legs, planting me to the ground in an earthen splint.
Compressed and sharpened so the spell that was once the size of a tree was now just a few feet longer me, the spear of ice, still suspended in the air, glimmered like the sky during the Aurora Constellate that occurred every decade.
The taste of metal filled my mouth as blood trailed down my chin, my body warning me of the wretched state I was in.
Moments later, I caught sight of the witch. The once mighty Vritra that seemed almost untouchable was hurtling down like a meteor fragment. Sylvie must’ve thrown her down by the speed she was plummeting toward me; it took only the span of a few breaths for her to be close enough to calculate where she’d land.
The Vritra’s mangled body plummeted right into the tip of my spear, and instantly, my body jerked from the force.
I could feel the brace I had conjured from the ground give in as the spear buried itself into the witch’s body.
With what remaining strength I had left in my legs, I managed to leap out of the way before I was caught up in the full brunt of the Vritra’s impact with my spear.
The blast of rocks and splintered trees bombarded my back as a thunderous explosion resounded, echoing throughout the entire forest and shaking every tree in the vicinity.
I fell in and out of consciousness as I tumbled on the ground, my body barreling through old logs and branches and whatever else was on the forest ground before the trunk of a large tree finally stopped me.
‘Hang on, Papa!’ Sylvie cried out.
I thought… it was beneath you… to call me… Papa, I let out, my consciousness faltering.
She remained silent; I could only feel the rampant emotions leaking out of her—desperation, guilt, anger, sorrow.
With my perception of time unreliable, I couldn’t tell how long it had taken Sylvie to get here, but her large black snout was hovering over me by the time I realized she was by my side.
Her translucent yellow eyes were lined with tears as she slowly opened her jaw. My bond let out a soft breath, but rather than air, a shimmering mist of purple enveloped me.
The cacophony of pains that I had over all of my body soon dulled as the soothing mist seeped into me.
“Vivum,” I muttered weakly.
‘Don’t talk,’ she scolded as she continued healing me.
Just like your grandmother. I managed a weak smile. For such a scary-looking dragon, your powers turned out be rather… docile.
A faint sense of amusement sparked in my bond at my comment, ‘If you have the energy for such lame humor, I’m sure you’ll be fine.’
Of course; who do you think I am?
‘A rash and idiotic child that has no sense of self-preservation,’ she grunted as she closed her jaw. ‘I warned you of the enemy coming your way, yet you still decided it was necessary to fight her on your own!’
Letting out a strained fit of coughs, I gently stroked my bond’s snout.
I’m sorry. At least it’s over—it's over, right?
“See for yourself,” Sylvie said aloud, the gentle and mellow timbre in her voice soothing after hearing so much of the witch’s shrieks.
I propped myself up on the base of the tree I had collided with using my elbow as my bond moved to the side.
Less than fifty feet away was a crater the size of a home with a thin layer of dust still apparent. In the center of the large depression was the spear of ice buried halfway into the ground as the witch’s lifeless body laid dangling in the air, the spear impaled straight through her chest.
Steam still hissed from the witch’s body as her corrosive skin tried to eat away at the ice, but to no avail.
She was dead.


Chapter 157

Chapter 157
Chapter 157: Pinnacle’s Height
CAPTAIN JARNAS AUDDYR
“Ulric,” I whispered, signaling him to move out left as I crouched down low behind a fallen log. The massive augmenter silently gathered his small team of five mages and began making their way through the dense trees.
“Brier.” I tilted my head in the direction of the small path to our right, signaling my other head and his troops to follow me. Brier nodded in reply as he unsheathed both of his serrated daggers. The well-built augmenter quickly navigated through the dense forest, his gait long and confident. I followed behind him and his troops a few paces behind with my fingers anxiously positioned on the grip of my artifact, ready to strike.
I’d come to be thankful for the frigid gale that constantly howled through the trees, bobbing the branches and stripping their foliage. It served to cover the sound of our footsteps as we made our way deeper into the forest.
Clearings were frequent but I navigated my troops away from them, in case we were exposed to this great danger that Captain Glory had warned me about. I suppressed the urge to scoff at her ridiculousness—believing the words of a teen that somehow snaked his way to be a lance. He probably made up his suspicions about this powerful foe so he could escape by himself to avoid battle.
<em>I’ll apprehend him on sight if I catch him running away,</em> I thought. <em>Perhaps my critical role in driving off the Alacryan forces and capturing the rogue lance will earn me a well-deserved promotion.</em>
I’d grudgingly followed Captain Glory when she abruptly started ordering her troops to retreat. It was my mistake to so blindly trust her judgement.
After being informed by Captain Glory on what she had been instructed to do by that lance, I immediately turned my troops back. She had the nerve to throw away the battle and risk bringing the entire fight to the cooks and medics back at the encampment, but I was not her subordinate.
The battle had become chaotic after Captain Glory’s troops started retreating, leaving only my troops to fight. However, taking advantage of the fact that the Alacryans tried to go after Captain Glory’s troops, it was easy for my soldiers to subdue a lot of the occupied enemy forces.
Better yet, Captain Glory had received her consequences for having so little judgement in the middle of a battle; she’d sustained a sizeable injury to her side that left me in charge of both troops. With my expertise as a commander, I quickly meshed together the two disjointed allied forces and we resumed the fight until an explosion resounded just a bit south from where we’d been fighting.
Unexpectedly, the enemy leaders began ordering their leaders to fall back, leaving us with an exceptional victory. The sound of my cheering troops filled me with a sense of satisfaction that reminded me of what it meant to be a figure of power.
Resuming my duties as the acting general in charge of both divisions, I ordered every able-bodied soldier to pick up an ally’s body and head back to camp. I also ordered the retrieval of any Alacryan soldiers, if still alive, so that they could be interrogated later.
I had wanted to go straight to The Council and debrief them on what had happened here, but Captain Glory stopped me. She suspected that the boy lance and the foe he was fighting had something to do with the explosion and wanted me to take some troops to see what happened.
If it wasn’t for the possibility of apprehending the boy for running away in the midst of battle and the chance to take his place as a lance, I would’ve refused.
Perhaps the deities were finally rewarding me for my service to King Glayder and now, the entirety of Dicathen. I would become one of the pinnacles of power in this continent.
As we trekked further south, the more careful we had to be with our footsteps. As the sun set, mist began pooling between the thick trunks of the trees, obscuring the ground even directly below us. More so than the possibility of an imagined foe, I wanted to catch the boy off guard and accidentally snapping a twig might make him run and complicate the task.
My sources up in The Council’s castle told me that Arthur had not accepted the artifact granted to each of the lances to enhance their powers, but being careless would be a mistake; however much of a coward he may be, the boy was still a lance, after all.
Brier, my right-hand, stopped and wordlessly motioned for me to come. Walking past the soldiers in his unit, I arrived in front of what seemed to have once been a tree.
Looking at the dark sludge pooled in the center of the tree trunk, I slowly reached out when Brier swatted my hand away. My eyes narrowed as I shot my subordinate a glance, but Brier merely shook his head and dipped a spare knife strapped to his thigh into the puddle.
With a faint hiss, the blade of the knife had been completely dissolved in a matter of mere seconds. Shifting my gaze to the rest of the tree that’d toppled over fairly recently, I pointed to it, making sure this acid was what caused it.
Brier nodded in reply and we continued our trek until one of his men—or rather, a woman—pointed out a few more trees with the same corrosion in the middle of their trunks. Some trees were still standing, with the acid only making a small hole, while others were melted down to the roots.
The sharp <em>snap</em> above us caused all of us to immediately whirl toward the sound. The woman swiftly nocked an arrow on her bow and instantly fired.
The arrow accurately hit the source of the sound… a branch. Letting out a sharp breath, I studied the branch that’d fell, only to realize that there were parts of it corroded by the same acid on the trees. I shot a menacing glare at the archer and immediately she dipped her head apologetically. <em>Incompetent</em>.
Signaling everyone to continue, I stayed close to the rear of the team in case anything were to happen.
While the winds continued to buffet the trees around us, the forest was eerily quiet. There were no scutters of nearby animals and I had yet to hear the crow of a single bird—almost as if the inhabitants of the forest had all run for their lives.
Suddenly a pained scream resounded, piercing through the trees into our ears. The quietness of the forest only seemed to amplify the sound as everyone looked toward me for guidance.
From the deep timbre of the scream, it sounded like Ulric but was it really worth giving our position away if he had already been caught? Whether it was the lance or the supposed enemy he was facing, the element of surprise was one of our only advantages.
Brier, who was close friends with Ulric long before he’d joined my division as a head, stared at me with knitted brows. His eyes seemed to say to let him go, but I motioned for him to wait. I separated our team of five into two groups, with Brier in the team of three. We slowly fanned out with the archer staying by my side while Brier’s group slowly made their way toward the sound of Ulric’s scream.
The density of trees dwindled as we approached a large clearing, with more and more signs of the acid evident around us. The ground underneath abruptly dipped, almost making us tumble downhill into a mysterious fog that grew denser as we got closer to the glade. With the archer covering me and Brier and his group a few paces ahead to my left, I unclipped the handle of my artifact, Stormcrow, and imbued mana to transform it into a mighty halberd.
With the ghastly green mist blocking our view and the ground below unlevel, I suppressed the temptation to turn back with the thought of becoming a lance and I raised my arm; holding up three fingers, I silently counted down.
<em>Three.</em>
<em>Two.</em>
<em>One.</em>
Letting out a roar, Brier slashed out with his serrated daggers, unleashing a torrent of sharp gales to dissipate the potentially dangerous mist.
<em>What in the…</em>
My will to fight all but vanished as the green fog cleared. Stormcrow nearly slipped out of my loosened fingers as we all stood, jaws slack, at the scene just a few yards ahead.
We had unknowingly stumbled on the edge of a massive crater. In the center stood an enormous and awe-inspiring spear that made my priceless artifact, handed down in my family for generations, look like a used toothpick. And impaled on it was what seemed to be a lanky imp-like fiend.
The ground sizzled underneath the suspended monster with the same murky acid dripping from its grotesque body. A faint hiss sounded from the fiend as the green fog continuously spewed from its gaping wound but it was undoubtedly dead.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
But perhaps the only thing more striking than the scene below was that of the obsidian dragon so casually sleeping next to the boy slumped against a tree on the other side of the crater—a boy who could be none other than Arthur. If it hadn’t been for the fact that I had seen the dragon when Arthur was first knighted as a lance, the fear currently gripping at my chest might’ve just squeezed the life out of my heart.
For a second, I thought that both the boy and his bond had both died during the fight, but the steady rise and fall of the dragon’s body said otherwise. I pried my gaze off of the black dragon to see Ulric on the ground on the other side of the crater. His troops—minus one—were huddled around him, nursing the stumps where his left arm and leg used to be.
<em>Perhaps the boy died in battle,</em> I thought, hopeful. I assessed the situation the best I could from this distance. It was hard to see the state of the boy from here boy, but by the ragged breathing of the imposing beast beside him, it’s safe to say that both had incurred some kind of damage.
I loosened my grip around Stormcrow. “Retrieve the general’s body.”
Brier, signaled for one of his men to go forward when Ulric, who’d now located where we were, flailed his only arm.
“Don’t!” Ulric and his troops screamed but Brier’s subordinate had already leaped into the crater to make his way to the other side where Arthur was.
Suddenly, just as Brier’s subordinate dashed past the lanky fiend, a murky tentacle erupted out of its body, clamping onto his ankle.
The soldier howled in pain, but rather than pulling his body, the tentacle severed his foot that was protected in mana, sending him tumbling down to the center of the crater. The soldier’s arm landed inside the puddle of green sludge and almost immediately, the acid worked its way through his armor and flesh until not even bone was left.
The soldier, who’d been shrieking in agony, cradled the stump of his arm when the tentacle that’d grabbed him earlier dragged the rest of his body into the puddle.
We stood there silently, horrified, the only sounds coming from acid working through the soldier’s body and the archer retching behind me.
“Don’t go near that monster!” Ulric huffed, his voice labored from pain. “Th-The general said that it won’t attack if you keep your distance.”
“What is going on?!” I roared, losing composure. “Give me a report!”
“W-We don’t exactly know, Captain!” one of Ulric’s troops sputtered. “We sensed mana fluctuations nearby so we scouted around the area when Head Ulric and Esvin slipped and fell down the crater. Head Ulric was able to make it out but Esvin…”
“Is that monster still alive?” I asked, taking a step back in case another tentacle sprouted out of its body.
“No, it’s not.”
I whipped my head toward the source of the hoarse voice, only to see that the boy was now awake. “You!” I raised Stormcrow, pointing it at Arthur. “Did you have anything to do with this?”
The lance’s hardened eyes, his irises nearly glowing with an azure radiance, focused on me between his auburn bangs.
“With the death of that retainer? Yes.” His gaze remained harsh and voice even. “With your soldiers’ deaths? That’d be because of that thing’s automatic defense spells that are still active even after she’s died.”
I could feel my cheeks burning in embarrassment while the boy talked to me as if I was a fool. “W-Why didn’t you help them, then—or warn us?”
“I’m sorry; did you want me to put up a caution sign?” the boy mocked. “Quite frankly, I’m having a hard time staying conscious, let alone warning mages that obviously didn’t want to be found.”
“General Arthur, you were under suspicion for fleeing in battle, but now that new information has come to light, we’ll ask that you come with us so that we can take you to The Council for further questioning,” I announced, afraid to take even a single step despite Ulric’s earlier reassurance.
“I’ll go to the castle on my own accord. Right now, I have other matters to attend to,” the boy replied as he remained seated against the tree.
“I’m afraid that’s not possible, General,” I said through gritted teeth. “Information on the enemy leaders is crucial and The Council needs to be informed at once.”
Gathering my wits, I made my way toward the boy—steering clear of the tentacle’s reach—when the obsidian dragon’s eyes shot open, freezing every one of us on sight.
Its shimmering topaz gaze bore directly into me, making my body shrivel on reflex. The dragon’s eyes contained a ferocity and wisdom that made every mana beast I had bested seem like plush doll.
“Take another step if you wish to lose your head,” the dragon rumbled, baring its fangs.
“I-It speaks!” Brier cried out, stepping back in fear.
Gripping the handle of Stormcrow harder to suppress my body’s instincts to retreat, I replied. “My apologies, mighty dragon. We have no intentions of hurting your master. We simply wish to bring him safely to The Council and see to it that his wounds are treated.”
The dragon huffed out a fog of air from its snout, almost as if it’d scoffed at my words. “My promise still stands, <em>Captain</em>. Take another step—”
“Enough,” Arthur cut in as he leaned against the dragon to get to his feet. He took slow steps toward me, but had no intention of stopping.
He was fairly tall for one his age, standing just a few inches over me, but I couldn’t help but feel as though he was somehow towering over me. Unconsciously, my body had stepped out of Arthur’s path as he walked past me—without a single word—and made his way down to the center of the crater where the tentacle had killed one of my soldiers.
I cursed in my head—not at Arthur, but at myself for being so ignorant. It was only now that I’d begun to realize the gap between me and this boy.
I stood silently as Arthur trudged carefully down the sloped ground. Even when the boy got in range of the corroding vine made of some mysterious mana, the tentacle froze and shattered on contact.
Arthur casually placed a foot over the puddle capable of melting even armor and bone. As the acid froze into a solid state, the boy stepped on it and reached out toward the monster, pulling out a worn teal sword. “Sylvie, let’s go.”
The obsidian dragon beat down its wings, creating a surge of wind below it. The dragon hovered over Arthur and lowered its tail for its master to grab onto.
Mounted atop the mighty beast, Arthur sheathed his sword and peered down at me with a harsh gaze. “Get Captain Glory or someone else capable to take the retainer’s corpse to The Council.”
There was a sharp sting to his words that I would punish anyone else for, but I held my tongue. The fear still lingering in me and the overwhelmingly imposing pressure Arthur radiated as he gave out his instructions made me lose all the remaining confidence I had.
He truly was a lance.
I sheathed my weapon and got down on one knee. “Yes, General.”


Chapter 158

Chapter 158
Chapter 158: Covert
Nico, Cecilia, and I remained silent, staring at the words printed on the fabric-like sheet of paper in our hands as we sat around the shoddy patio table.
“W-We got in,” I muttered, not taking my eyes off of my acceptance letter. “I can’t believe we got in.”
“Speak for yourself. The only one Cecilia and I were worried about was you, Grey,” Nico chortled, but even he couldn’t hide his excitement as his lips spread into a wide grin.
“I can’t believe it either,” Cecilia whispered, her voice trembling.
“Woah! Are you crying, Cecilia?”
“N-No. I just have something in my eye—that’s all.”
I finally pried my eyes from the acceptance letter in my hand to see Cecilia hurriedly wiping her eyes with the ends of her sleeves, her usual creamy cheeks flushed bright red.
“Congratulations, you three,” Headmaster Wilbeck’s clear voice sounded from the entrance to the backyard.
“Headmaster!” Nico exclaimed, proudly holding up his letter for her to see like a trophy.
“I’ll need to find some spare frames to hang those letters up,” she smiled as she walked toward us, giving each one of us a hug.
Looking at the gentle smile on her face, a pang of guilt struck my chest. She was the woman who raised me like a son since I could remember, yet I was selfishly going away to a distant city. “Headmaster… are you sure it’s okay for us to go? I can stay and help out at the orphanage! It’s no big deal. I’m no good at studying anyway like Nico and Cecilia; plus, it’s expensive and you’re getting old so—ouch!” I yelped, rubbing my stinging forehead.
“I’ll take you to the academy if I have to drag you in your underwear myself,” she scolded, her finger curled up, ready to flick me again. “All these years of raising a troublemaker like you has paid off and you want to what—stay here? Not on my watch.”
“Nico is the troublemaker. I just get dragged along!” I protested, raising my hands to protect my forehead from the assault.
“Then I guess Mr. Sever deserves one of these as well,” the headmaster declared, flicking my best friend’s forehead with the speed and accuracy of a trained soldier.
“Ow! Grey! What gives!” Nico cried, vigorously rubbing his forehead in pain.
I smirked victoriously, when I heard a soft giggle beside me. Nico and I both snapped our heads to see Cecilia smiling for the first time.
The two of us stared, wide-eyed and jaws agape, while even the headmaster was surprised.
“Did she finally break?” Nico whispered, leaning close to my ears.
I stabbed my friend in his side with my elbow, my eyes strangely glued to the sight of Cecilia laughing. My chest tightened and I felt my face getting hot, but it was only when Cecilia realized that we were all staring that I realized I was blushing, just like she was.
I quickly turned around and stood up to avoid her gaze, stretching for no reason other than to draw attention away from my face.
Headmaster Wilbeck must’ve seen through me because she gave me that devious grin that made her look ten years younger.
“I’d better head back inside, kids. School doesn’t start for a few weeks but make a list of things you’ll need so that you won’t forget anything when one of the volunteers takes you all to town.” The headmaster made her way back to the sliding door she’d come from, turning around once more before stepping inside. “And congratulations again, you three.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
‘We’re drawing near the border,’ Sylvie’s voice rang in my head, pulling me out of my slumber. The white clouds, still blurry from my unaccustomed eyes, slowly came back into focus as I blinked. I peered down below and noticed that we’d just passed the Sehz Canal that flowed through Carn and Maybur City and into the western coast.
How are you feeling? I asked, stretching my sore neck and back as my legs dangled off the side of the base of my bond’s neck.
‘I should ask you the same. I admit using my powers drained me more than I had expected but you definitely overexerted yourself,’ Sylvie chided, extending her large wings to slow our descent.
I let out a sigh that got swept away by the rushing wind. I know. It seems I have a ways to go if I want to actually go head to head with a scythe.
‘We’re both young; time is a luxury that we are fortunate to have. We just need to remain careful and not doing anything rash… like trying to go against a retainer alone.’
I promise not to let that happen again, and besides, you saved the day there at the end, I comforted, patting her scaled neck.
My bond didn’t reply, instead responding with a wave of frustration and helplessness that I could only chuckle at.
We landed on the unsettled land just above the border leading into the Kingdom of Darv. The once damp soil of the forest turned dry and hard with cracks lining every inch. The trade route that the dwarves and humans used to exchange goods was near the eastern corner of Darv, by the Grand Mountains, so there were no visible roads this far out toward the coast.
“It’s still cold,” I grumbled as my cloak billowed in the wind.
‘You should grow scales like me,’ Sylvie joked as she lowered her body to let me down.
“I’m just glad I’m still able to muster up enough mana to keep from freezing.” I slowly raised my leg and brought it around my bond’s neck, but as soon as my legs touched the ground a sharp pain coursing up my entire lower body sent me crumbling to the ground.
‘The injuries in your legs aren’t getting better.’ Sylvie’s voice was wrapped in concern and guilt, as if she was the one responsible for the pain. ‘Maybe it’d be best if you keep riding me.’
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“No,” I gasped, willing more mana into my legs as a temporary solution. “If my suspicions are correct, we’re going to need to lay low, and we’ve already taken the risk of being exposed by riding this far down.”
‘Very well.’ Sylvie’s large body began glowing as she shifted back into her fox-like form. Rather than ride on top of me like usual, she trotted beside me.
“Looks like Lady Myre’s prediction was right,” I said, taking careful steps. “Even after being healed with the vivum aether art, my lower body feels like it did when I was a newborn.”
‘Grandmother’s control and knowledge of aether in the vivum path is much greater than mine. Maybe if she was here…’ Another wave of guilt washed over me from my bond as her pointed ears drooped.
Stop with the sulking, I chided, picking up the pace as we ventured into the dwarven territory. Your grandmother’s warning was rather vague but I think with some rest and the help of my assimilated body, I should be fine.
I tried to hide how unconfident I was with my own words but it was obvious that my emotions had leaked onto her. Because of how intensive the explosions of mana were on each of my muscles, I should be thankful that I’m even able to walk, but I couldn’t help but be frustrated at how weak my body was. Using Burst Step twice had left me with shattered bones and shredded muscles almost irreparable if it wasn’t for Sylvie. I winced at the mere thought of my mother’s expression if she were to see the state I was in… would she or any emitter have been able to heal me?
Swallowing down the dispiriting thoughts, I surveyed the area. Ahead of me was a vast expanse of varying shades of brown and yellow. The few plantlife scattered around consisted of either broken branches and shrubs carried by the wind from the forest or weeds sprouting out from between the cracks on the ground. I noted the large boulders spread about in case we needed to hide or take cover from the harsh winds, but so far, there were no signs of activity.
The jagged plains dipped and rose to form ravines. From the books that I’d read and what Elijah had told me, many of the gullies and ravines strewn all across the Kingdom of Darv had hidden entrances into the underground cities where the dwarves actually lived.
I let out a deep breath. “Let’s get started.”
Reaching into the depths of my mana core to where Sylvia’s beast will resided, I activated Realmheart once more.
As the familiar sensation washed over me once more, my body immediately protested. I quickly lurched over to the side and retched out the remains of whatever partially-digested food I had in my stomach and when that was all gone, I spewed a dark bile.
My chest heaved and the world span around me but, fortunately, I was still able to maintain Realmheart which was a crucial for this task.
‘Maybe we should come back next time. With my lineage, I’m almost positive that I’ll inherit Realmheart once my powers fully develop. We can come back then and both of us can search—’
I shook my head. It doesn’t work that way. By then, the mana fluctuations in the atmosphere caused by the soldiers and the retainer will have equilibrated. The search has to be done now.
‘Equilibrated?’
The mana in the atmosphere will return to its original state, I explained, turning my attention back to the particles of mana in the vicinity for any signs of abnormalities.
When I had first experienced this perspective while in Realmheart, the particles appeared chaotic, like specs of dust pushed and pulled by even the slightest breeze, but that wasn’t the case. During the short period I had with Lady Myre, she explained to me how mana and aether behaved in their natural state.
Each element of atmospheric mana behaved in their own pattern. Earth attribute mana remained near the ground, faintly shifting like fine sand rolling down a hill. Water and wind attribute mana moved similarly, but water particles were much more scarce. Fire attribute mana were scattered throughout, throbbing and pulsing, almost as if it was giving life to the planet.
Aether, however, behaved as if each particle had its own consciousness. Some moved alongside the particles of earth while others congregated around the wind and water attribute mana, herding them as if they were sheep. What Lady Myre said about aether being the glass that held the liquid—this force seemed to interact with mana in a special way.
Because of the sheer number of Alacryan soldiers that had somehow snuck into the Kingdom of Sapin, I had hoped that there would be some lingering trails of mana fluctuation but the task of actually singling out minute discrepancies in the endless sky of particles proved even harder than it sounded.
To make this task even harder (because it was already much too easy), I had to limit my use of mana to only strengthen my body. Even the very act of absorbing mana would create fluctuations that would interfere; I wouldn’t be able to tell my mana use apart from the Alacryan’s.
Taking long strides, Sylvie and I skirted one rock formation along the border that separated Sapin and Darv. Luckily, the soldiers weren’t able to hide their trail in the forest. Sylvie was able to find where they had traversed, but in this rocky desert where the wind constantly wiped all traces of activity, I was left with the cumbersome task of locating traces of mana fluctuations.
After an hour had passed, Sylvie finally lost her patience.
‘Shouldn’t we be making our way toward the coast for signs of Alacryan ships? I don’t understand why we’re wasting time here. If anything, you should be getting rest, not wandering through this miserable desert.’
I thought you were able to read my mind, I quipped, turning my head away from a rather strong blast of sandy wind.
‘That’s not how it works. It’s mostly emotions that come through and very basic thoughts. Right now I only feel a strong sense of suspicion coming from you but other than that—’
I found something, I nearly said aloud as I came to an abrupt halt. I had been looking at the sky this whole time but I hadn’t noticed anything odd until I spotted a dark spot on the ground. Even with a thin layer of dry sand covering it, there was a small but undeniable puddle of moist earth.
Dropping to my knees, I rubbed the wet dirt between my fingers just to make sure. I looked up at the sky once more and finally spotted what was missing. There was a faint lack of water attribute mana in the vicinity where the most soil was.
‘What’s going on?’ Sylvie chimed, staring at the dirt in my hand.
Looks like someone got thirsty, I replied.
Surveying the area, I found more areas where the atmosphere was void of water attribute mana. Following the faint trail, we headed southeast, away from the coast, until we arrived at the edge of a narrow ravine.
Come on. Let’s go down.
We slowly climbed down the steep slope, the whistling wind masking all other sounds. Once we were at the bottom of the ravine, the faint trail of missing water attribute mana disappeared but it didn’t matter.
“Damn it,” I muttered softly, peering down the cliff. “I was actually hoping I’d be wrong.”
‘Your suspicion… don’t tell me…’ A wave of realization exuded from my bond as she felt the rumble of the hollow ground beneath us.
Yup. After this, I’m still only eighty percent sure but I suspect that the Alacryan army we fought got into Dicathen with the dwarves’ help.


Chapter 159

Chapter 159
Chapter 159: Down Within
There were radical implications if the dwarves were really allied with the Alacryans, but regardless of my hunch, I needed to make sure my suspicions weren’t just me being over skeptical.
It took me another hour or so to locate one of the hidden entrances to the dwarves’ underground kingdom, but even that was only possible with the help of Realmheart.
<em>‘Your breathing is strained,’</em> Sylvie noted from inside my cloak as I carefully ran my fingers down the faint crease, camouflaged to look like an ordinary crack along the steep cliff.
<em>It’s fine. I just used Realmheart for too long, that’s all,</em> I replied as I stared down at my arms. Without the golden runes etched into me and my vision returning to normal, I realized how pale my body had become—it wasn’t the sort of creamy pale that girls wished for but the sickly pale that made you worry for your wellbeing.
<em>‘I feel like I shouldn’t need to remind you, but do know that there is a concept called moderation that works wonders on both mind and body?’</em>
Ignoring my bond’s nagging, I tried pushing at the concealed entrance once more. Despite the added mana to strengthen my body, the earthen door refused to move.
There should definitely be some sort of way to open it. I’m missing something. I continued sliding my hands, which were surrounded in earth attribute mana, across the length of the hidden door.
<em>‘Maybe you need to be a dwarf to be allowed to enter,’</em> Sylvie mused.
<em>No. I highly doubt that there is a specific mana signature that only dwarves could have besides deviants, and if that were the case, more than eighty percent of their population wouldn’t be able to get in through their own doors. No, there has to be a different—I think I got it!</em>
I immediately kneeled, sending Sylvie tumbling out of my cloak with my sudden movement.
<em>You may not need to be a dwarf but a dwarf had definitely built this, so I should act as if I were one.</em> I ran my hands through the rocky wall once more, pushing aside the shrub that covered much of the bottom-half of the hidden door.
<em>‘Ah, the height!’</em> she exclaimed, her excited voice ringing in my head as she climbed atop my shoulder.
After several minutes of trying to find the handle, button, lever—anything—to open the lock mechanism, I finally found it. At about four feet from the ground, near the ridge of the door, my left hand sunk into the cliff. At first, it felt like I had accidentally touched some sort of sap or glue-like substance, but when I highered the output of mana into my hand, the viscosity of the wall changed. As I played around with the unique mechanism of this door, I realized that it wasn’t about how much earth attribute mana you put into your hand, but the precise pattern of mana levels you invoked as you inserted your hand deeper into the hidden lock.
If the mana output levels could be measured from a value of one to ten, then I needed to find the right combination between those numbers to successfully unlock this entrance.
Every time I guessed the output level wrong and attempted to push my hand through deeper into the lock hole, the earth surrounding my hand turned more viscous, pushing my hand out of the lock.
“Damn it,” I cursed under my breath after the twentieth failed attempt at unlocking the door. Half tempted to blow open the door, I took a deep breath and released Realmheart once more.
Immediately, a searing pain flooded out of my core and into body and limbs. I buckled and fell to my knees into a series of intense coughs. I didn’t just vomit food and bile this time but blood as well.
A wave of dissatisfaction and concern washed out of Sylvie.
<em>I </em>swear,<em> if you say something about moderation again…</em>
<em>‘Let’s just get this mission over with. You can get some rest then,’</em> she replied.
With a feeble nod, I put weight on my legs to prop myself back up only to end up flat on my back. With the little mana I had spent on maintaining Realmheart, I rescinded the mana I’d coalesced into my legs to save for unlocking the entrance.
I could feel the emotions of my bond once again as she peered down at me. Staying silent, Sylvie helped me into a sitting position by pushing me back up with her head.
Taking breaths felt like I was swallowing needles, but I was thankful that I could even activate Realmheart again. Wasting no time, I focused on the area where the keyhole was, my hand barely reaching it with the help of Sylvie. Using the last bit of mana that I’d saved, I willed earth attribute mana into my hand.
Immediately, I could see the fluctuations of mana particles gathering around the concealed keyhole. When I willed the correct amount of mana into my hand, the particles lit up and dispersed, allowing my hand to go further into the hole without fear that I’d have to start over.
<em>I bet you dragons never thought of using Realmheart for things like this,</em> I smirked as my hand submerged into the wall, now up to my forearm.
<em>‘Things like unlocking a door? No, that’d be beneath us,’</em> my bond grunted.
<em>Situations call for adaptation, my furry little dragon,</em> I retorted, tugging on the handle buried deep within the lock mechanism of the concealed door. With a satisfying click, the earthen wall rumbled before sliding open.
I turned back and shot my bond, who was still keeping my broken body up, a proud wink.
<em>‘I get embarrassed at the thought of ever referring you as "papa".’</em> Even in her furry little fox form, there was a palpable sense of mockery as she rolled her eyes.
<em>Hey, you were the one that hatched for me.</em> Withdrawing Realmheart, I wiped the trail of blood that ran down my chin from the corner of my mouth and reallocated my miniscule mana into my legs once more.
Working with a single-digit percentage of my mana barely allowed me the luxury of being able to use my mangled legs, and even then standing was an arduous task.
Using the wall as a support, I got up and spared no time heading down the narrow corridor. The passageway that was about five feet wide and had a ceiling that scraped the top of my head even when hunched was more like a crude tunnel than an actual hallway. Fortunately, there were candles casting a dim light inside little cubby holes dug into either side of the walls. Without the need for mana aside from strengthening my legs, I was able to take advantage of this brief down time to use Mana Rotation and replenish my empty core.
I could feel the heat from the candles, but after venturing through the harsh sandy winds I wholeheartedly welcomed it. I stuck to the left side of the hallway, partly to be somewhat hidden and also because I desperately needed to lean against the jagged wall for support while walking down the small slope. Meanwhile, Sylvie trotted carefully a few steps ahead, checking and testing anything remotely suspicious that could be a hidden trap.
<em>‘Is this really a good idea? You’re in no state for battle if, by chance, we encounter an enemy. I’m limited to what I can do in this form and even if we see that the dwarves are allied with the Alacryans, what can we do?’</em> my bond bombarded as we slowly made our way down hallway.
<em>It’s not a good idea, but we need to do this,</em> I replied seriously. <em>You’re right; I can’t fight, and there’s not </em>much place<em> to hide in case we do run into someone, but we can’t waste time recovering. If I’m right, even if I can’t gather proof, I know at least Virion and Aldir will listen to me.</em>
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
<em>‘Fine, but our arrangement still stands. The moment we run into trouble, I’m breaking these walls and we’re getting out of here.’</em>
<em>Sure,</em> I complied as we continued making our way down the dimly lit hallway until something luminescent—that wasn’t a candle—appeared in the distance. Exchanging a glance with each other, my bond and I made our way toward the light.
The tunnel curved slightly the closer we got to the still light and my ears were able to pick up distant echoes of sounds. The sounds grew louder as the two of us continued down the tunnel but there were too many things going on at once for me to pick apart specific sounds. There were conversation and echoes, multiple sharp footfalls, as well as the clanging of metal. Finally, after about another few minutes of steady staggering, the exit of the tunnel laid just ahead.
With my back against the wall, I sidestepped toward the exit, careful not to accidentally kick any pebbles or create some other noise that might alarm a guard that might be around the corner. Sensing no signs of activity just outside the tunnel, Sylvie and I shuffled quickly to the edge of the exit where a curtain of shadow hid us from any unsuspecting eyes.
We gazed blankly at the magnitude of what we had stumbled onto. The hallway opened up into an enormous cavern with a domed ceiling so without imperfection that, for a second, I doubted that we were still underground. Rather than candles, massive torches lined the walls to reveal just how large the cavern actually was and who were within.
I let loose a string of curses in my head as I peered down. In the center of the cavern floor—roughly two stories down—was a massive teleportation gate surrounded by dwarves and steadily trickling out from the shimmering gate were Alacryan troops.
Before I was able to get a closer look at what was going on, the sound of footsteps approaching the tunnel we had come through made me whirl back. The massive cavern seemed like a beehive, with dozens of other tunnels dotted uniformly along the wall. Dozens of staircases carved of stone lined the walls, each one of them leading to a different tunnel, and approaching the tunnel that Sylvie and I had come through was a platoon of Alacryan soldiers.
<em>‘I’m getting us out of here,’</em> my bond stated, her body already beginning to glow.
<em>Not yet!</em> Focusing on one of the entrances to a tunnel just a few yards away, I managed to will a few rocks to dislodge. I immediately heard the flurry of movement as the platoon whirled around, weapons and armor clanking.
Using the opportunity, I quickly picked up my bond and held her tightly against my chest. Flattened myself against the corner of the entrance and wall as much as possible, I mustered more of the mana I had gathered on our way here and willed a curtain of rock from the wall to surround us.
“Just a loose rock. Let’s go,” the soldier leading the platoon grunted.
<em>Hold your breath,</em> I ordered Sylvie as I activated Mirage Walk. Coalescing the atmospheric mana around us to hide our presence was something that I’d never had the need to use since coming back to Dicathen, but in this situation where enemy mages would be marching just inches away from us, I didn’t want to take any chances.
Inside a coffin of earth, I was surrounded by complete darkness. I could hear the synchronized marching of the soldiers as they went past us, their deliberate footfalls echoing against the tunnel walls. They were so close that I could hear the hushed whispers of the soldiers.
“When do you think we’ll go back home?” a voice murmured.
“Why? Miss your family already?” a husky voice mocked. “Just focus on racking some achievements through this war. Your blood will be thankful if you can finally afford to move them out of that little hut you call a home.”
“Great Virtra, both of you hush,” a gruff voice hissed. “Our whole team is going to be on night watch if you two keep it up.”
I couldn’t help but become absorbed in their conversations. Their way of talking was rather similar to ours but certain terms, like ‘blood’ and ‘Great Vritra’, I could only guess from their context. This got me thinking. How can two different continents that had almost no contact with each other be so eerily similar in their language?
<em>‘Grandfather told me that it was is of the asura’s intervention,’</em> my bond chimed in, her voice tense even in my head. ‘Asuras often sent a representative to secretly help advance Alacrya and Dicathen when needed. He explained how they would take the form of a lesser being, albeit exceptionally smart, and help them progress through the centuries.’
Sort of like how you asuras granted us the artifacts way back then? I asked.
<em>‘Yup. Except that, apparently, we had been doing long before then. The artifacts were supposedly a rather drastic change that the asuras chose to do to keep the lessers from going extinct.’</em>
<em>I see</em>, I pondered. It was a scary thought to think that perhaps the geniuses of my old world were actually deities sent from above to help us survive and progress.
As minutes slowly trickled by, the soldiers’ conversations did little to alleviate the discomfort of our situation. Without even cracks in the conjured coffin to provide breathable air, it became almost unbearably stifling and hot. I tried to focus solely on keeping up Mirage Walk to hide us from anyone with a keen sense when a loud thump shook the enclosed crevice we were in.
“What are you doing?” another soldier whispered impatiently.
The earthen crevice shook once more as the same soldier hit the wall I had conjured once again.
<em>‘I’m ready to fight. Just stay behind me,’</em> my bond informed, her voice lowering to a fierce growl in my mind.
<em>Just hold still,</em> I snapped, trying to keep my heart from bursting out of my ribcage.
“This end of the entrance was different from the other side,” the soldier replied hesitantly to his comrade. “And it sounded a bit hollow when I hit it.”
There was a brief pause where I was almost afraid that they’d investigate further, but to my surprise his comrade just let out a scoff.
“Merciful Vritra. I know you’re green but don’t hold the others back just because you see something weird. We’re in a different continent.”
I almost let out an audible sigh of relief as the sound of footsteps resumed, slowly subsiding as they made their way up the tunnel we had just come down from.
After making sure the soldiers had all passed by and no one else was coming, I opened a tiny hole to survey our surroundings. Only after another few minutes did I revoke my spell.
<em>‘We got what we came here for. Now let’s go back to tell Virion so you can actually get some rest to heal your wounds,’</em> Sylvie pleaded.
Yeah, let’s go, I agreed. Even with Sylvie’s unique healing techniques using aether, my legs were on the verge of collapsing and the only brief rest I had gotten was when I passed out on her back while coming here.
Already contemplating the best way to tell this critical news to Virion and Aldir and the precautions I would need to take just in case things went south and I needed to fight against the two dwarven lances, I merely took a glance back at the domed ceiling cavern when the Alacryan soldiers that were present suddenly all kneeled, facing the transportation gate.
After confronting two retainers and even defeating one, I thought that I’d be prepared to face a scythe. Even under the suspicion that the dwarves were betraying Dicathen, I was confident in being able to win this war. But as a figure clad in obsidian stepped out of that gate, I couldn’t help but feel shaken. Being here, barely standing on my own two feet, I felt like a mere flicker against the wind. I felt despair.


Chapter 160

Chapter 160
Chapter 160: Healing Procedure
The mysterious figure cast a suffocating pressure throughout the cavern as it stepped out of the gate. Even Sylvie, who had been so eager to leave, was frozen stiff as she helplessly peered down at the sight below.
As the rest of its body appeared through the teleportation gate, my eyes immediately became fixed on its horns.
The horns I’d seen on all of the other Vritras so far looked menacing—as if they were part beast—but looking at the two spikes protruding from above the figure’s temples and veer back toward the crown of its head, they exuded a sense of prestige and regality, like a tiara placed gently on its head. Unlike the murky black horns I’d seen up until now, this Vritra’s obsidian horns all but glowed like precious stones, contrasting starkly against its pearl-colored mane that flowed back past a set of narrow shoulder.
As the Vritra indifferently surveyed its surroundings, I was able to catch a quick glimpse of its face before retreating back behind the entrance of the tunnel out of fear that the Vritra would be able to sense me even with Mirage Walk activated.
It was then I realized that this oppressive aura had come from a girl that looked no older in appearance than Tessia. She possessed elegant features, dark eyes and a thin frame underneath a fur-trimmed obsidian robe, yet even amongst a crowd of dwarves, she appeared small and petite.
After a few seconds, I mustered up the courage to look down once more.
“L-Lady Nezera?” a barrel-chested Alacryan soldier greeted as he remained genuflected in front of the crowd of kneeling dwarves, confused.
“Where is Cylrit?” the female Vritra asked cooly, facing one of the many Alacryan soldiers surrounding the gate and the kneeling dwarves.
The female soldier that Lady Nezera acknowledged immediately rose to her feet. “Commander Cylrit is currently stationed near the northern coast of Sapin, awaiting you before he begins his attack, Lady Nezera.”
“Very well. Let us depart.” Her soft voice spread like a cold breeze, sending shivers down my back despite the distance between us.
“Yes, Lady Nezera!” The female soldier saluted, rallying her troops to follow after the dainty Vritra.
However as she walked past the soldier who had first called out her name in surprise, he spoke out. “Forgive my rudeness, Lady Nevera, but what of the new scythe? I was instructed to take him to Commander Uto.”
There was a moment of silence as everyone in the vicinity anxiously shifted glances between Lady Nezera and the large soldier. She peered down at the soldier with a cold, emotionless gaze until she finally spoke. “He’s not ready. Melzri and Viessa are still working on him.”
“I-I see,” the soldier replied, his shoulders visibly relaxing. “My apologies for wasting your time.”
By her speech, it was obvious that she herself was a scythe as well but a part of me didn’t want to believe it—that such a being, comparable even to an asura, was an opponent I would ultimately have to face. Better yet, the number of scythes we had to worry about had increased.
<em>‘Another scythe?’</em> Sylvie echoed, her voice dripping with worry.
<em>Come on, let’s get out of here,</em> I sent to my bond. Now that a scythe had entered the war, getting this information back up to the castle had to be done quickly.
I took one last quick glance at the scythe named Nezera when she looked back over her shoulder as well.
For a split second, her gaze passed by the tunnel where we’d been hiding and our eyes met.
Her gaze eventually swept past me but in that flashing moment, her cold eyes had locked onto me with the focus of a predator.
There was no doubt about it; she knew I was here.
My body stiffened as if every ounce of blood in my body had congealed. My hand grew clammy while my heartbeat rose to the point where I feared the entire cavern would hear me. Yet, she turned back and continued up the stairs in the same curt manner she had before—unfazed and uncaring.
<em>‘What’s wrong?’</em> my bond asked.
I stood still, afraid to move. It was only after she’d left that I let out a breath. <em>I think she saw me.</em>
Feeling my apprehension, she knew I wasn’t joking, making her all the more restless. <em>‘Now can we leave? Or do you want to wait until the rest of the </em>Alacryan<em> army knows we’re here…’</em>
I couldn’t help but let out a wry smile. It was in these rare moments that my bond showed glimpses of her immaturity. <em>Yeah. Let’s go.</em>
Exiting the tunnel, we were greeted by the ever-pleasant slap of desert wind. Sylvie and I had agreed to hold off on flying until we’d reached the forest on the border of Sapin and Darv. However, after a mile of careful trekking, my body had succumbed to a fit of shivers. Constantly using Mirage Walk in case nearby Alacryan soldiers sensed my mana fluctuations had drained my meager reserve of mana. Using the rest of the mana to strengthen my legs, I was left with only my cloak to protect me from the sharp sand-embedded winds.
<em>It’s been a while since I’ve gotten this cold.</em> I clenched my jaw to keep my teeth from chattering. Leaning my back against a boulder for temporary shelter from the wind, I wrapped my cloak tightly around me.
<em>‘Just a little more. We’re almost there. Should I use aether once more?’</em> my bond asked as she gazed up at my pitiful state.
<em>No. I can barely keep Mana Rotation active in this state. Using aether might set off the soldiers, or worse, the scythe.</em>
<em>‘Okay.’</em> Pressing against my leg to do what she could to keep me just a little warmer, we stayed still for a brief moment until the wind died down just a bit.
After painstakingly walking back toward the forest, walking zigzag from one boulder to another in case of any Alacryan soldiers hidden from the faint light of the crescent moon, I almost broke into tears at the shadowed figures of trees in the distance.
Just a few minutes into the forest, the wind had died down significantly and—despite it being the same temperature—my body slowly began to thaw.
<em>‘Let’s rest here for a bit,’</em> Sylvie said, pointing with her snout at a nearby hollowed log.
We should… get back to the castle, I replied, my eyelids growing heavier with each word.
My bond nudged me toward the log. <em>‘We need to put some more distance between us and the soldiers ahead anyway. Just a one hour nap. At this rate, you’ll freeze without mana to protect you while flying.’</em>
There was a comforting power to her words that seemed to drain the rest of what little energy I had left in me. Suddenly hit with a wave fatigue, I stumbled into the hollow log. My consciousness slowly faded into darkness with the last thing I witnessed being Sylvie dropping a mouthful of leaves on top of my body for warmth.
Despite my feeble state, deep sleep eluded me. From the tension of being out in harm’s way with little strength to protect myself and the recent turn of events, my mind worked overtime to stay at least half-conscious.
After about an hour of resting my eyes and body, Sylvie and I climbed out from the comfort of our blanket of leaves and departed. Without the need to use mana to strengthen my legs while riding Sylvie, I was able to protect myself from the prevailing winds.
The journey back to the castle was silent aside from the howling gales. Conversation was almost nonexistent between us as both of us had become lost in our own thoughts.
The war had just gotten exponentially more complicated now that we knew the dwarves were aiding the Alacryan forces. It wasn’t as black and white as us versus them now. There was still the possibility that it was only a specific faction of the dwarves that were aiding our enemy, but if Rahdeas, Elijah’s foster guardian and now leader of the dwarves, had something to do with this, then that meant we were potentially down two lances.
Assuming the worst, the only positive that came out of this was that Rahdeas was still acting as if he was on our side. This meant that he either had more to gain from being a double agent or that he wasn’t confident enough to openly defy the rest of The Council.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
<em>‘We’re here,’</em> Sylvie announced.
Looking up, I could see the floating castle floating amidst the layers of clouds. Dotted around the large structure were soldiers mounted on flying mana beasts on all sides. With the unabated sun shining directly above, casting shadows on the sea of clouds below the castle and flying guards, it was a rather awe-inspiring sight that would surely make the jaws drop of anyone who had never visited, but for me, all I looked forward to was hibernating on the first comfortable surface I came across inside.
Most forms of entry came through teleportation gates so when we approached, the guards immediately gathered between us and the castle. Weapons glowed brightly at the ready as the bonds the soldiers were mounted on also prepared for battle. However, once we got close enough for the soldiers to make out who we were they formed two lines, creating an aerial path for Sylvie and I to follow into the entrance.
“General Arthur!” The guards saluted in unison atop their flying beasts. As we slowly made our way through the pathway, the double doors that towered over even Sylvie slowly creaked open just ahead.
It was obvious that Captain Auddyr had already arrived since there was a team of medics and emitters waiting for me. The landing chamber was a flurry of activity as soon as the large double doors opened. Medics and emitters who were assigned to remain there until I’d arrived—some of which were casually playing with a deck of cards—all dropped what they were doing and immediately prepared to treat me.
The area had turned into a flurry of activity with indiscernible noises bombarding my ears from every corner of the expansive room. As soon as Sylvie landed, the medics got to work by bringing over a contraption similar to a gurney.
“I’m okay,” I croaked, my voice hardly coming out. “Let me talk to Virion first.”
“Strap him in and don’t let him walk,” Sylvie rumbled, startling everyone in the room—including me. My bond had always refrained from talking to anyone but me, and even then she preferred to communicate telepathically.
Taken aback by my bond’s sudden commands, I complied to Sylvies wishes and allowed myself to be carried by the gurney as both medics and emitters began examining me. My bond transformed into her fox-like form and trotted along beside me as I was being moved from the landing chamber to a proper medical facility.
It didn’t take long for the medics to determine where my injuries laid during our little trip to the medical room; better yet, I heard one of the medics sighing that it was probably easier to list the places of my body that weren’t damaged.
That was always reassuring.
Coming from a period and place that was technologically advanced, I had always looked down on the medical field of this world, but it turned out I had wrongly underestimated it. What this world couldn’t achieve through technology, they made up for with magic. Teams of deviant mages, whose powers were all specialized toward the medical field, were all waiting for me as I was pushed into a large square room with vaulted ceilings.
As time trickled by, I could feel the injuries and deprivations of my body catching up to me. With the adrenaline that had been keeping me able dwindling, it felt like my limbs had turned into lead weights. I struggled to stay awake as medics and emitters began carefully probing my body.
After they finished another round of preliminary examinations, an elderly mage by the name of Mendul arrived into the room. The thick, square-jawed mage introduced himself as a deviant capable of adjusting and fine-tuning his vision using mana to be able to individually perceive the different layers of any living thing’s body. Whether it was the skeletal, muscular or even nervous system, he was able to see them all.
Mendul continued scanning my body using an ink pen to draw dozens of areas directly on my body while taking notes as I focused all of my efforts on staying conscious.
“Where’s Commander Virion?” I asked after Mendul had finished marking my body like some sort of map.
“My apologies, General Arthur. Commander Virion is currently away from the castle,” a thin, middle-aged man dressed in a pale-green robe stated.
Judging by how he had been coordinating the other medics, emitters and other deviants in the room, I could only guess that he was the head of the medical team here. While normally, I’d be a bit more courteous to man who was in charge of healing me, I couldn’t help let a tone of impatience slip while talking. “He’s away? Where? When’s he going to be back?”
“H-He did not say,” he replied apologetically. “I was only able to see him leave with Captain Auddyr and Captain Glory along with General Aya.”
I sank further down into the elevated bed I had been moved to since coming to this room, careful not to keep my eyes closed for too long in fear that I may slip into slumber. If Virion had left with Auddyr and Vanesy and had to take a lance with him, they were most likely going back to where I had defeated the retainer in the forest near the southern border of Sapin.
Despite my condition, I couldn’t help but worry. <em>They might run into the </em>Alacryan<em> platoon that was marching up north. Worse, that scythe might try to find the retainer I killed</em>.
<em>‘I’m not too worried about the scythe, since she seemed to be leaving in a different direction, but you’re right about the platoon,’</em> my bond replied.
<em>Maybe you should go and warn them?</em>
<em>‘And leave you here alone? After finding out that the dwarves are allied with the Vritra? Has your brain left you?’</em>
I took a quick glance around the room to see both elves and dwarves along with the human medics, all waiting for further instructions as they prepared tools and different medicines.
<em>Damn it,</em> I cursed, knowing she was right. Fine. I guess we can only pray for their safety.
<em>‘Virion has with him a lance, after all. Don’t try to handle everything alone. They’ll be fine without you,’</em> she comforted<em>. ‘I’ll be right here, making sure these medics aren’t doing anything suspicious. Just rest and focus on healing.’</em>
“What about Aldir?” I asked hopefully.
“Once again, I’m sorry.” the head medic dipped his head. “Only Commander Virion knows the whereabouts of Lord Aldir. I, myself, have only seen him once—very briefly.”
I could only let out a sigh of frustration as the last ounce of strength left me. “It’s fine. So what’s the plan here? Were you able to come up with a diagnosis for my injuries?”
The head medic turned to Mendul, who stepped toward me and looked down at his notes before speaking. “General Arthur, your injuries are rather unique in how complex they are. To be frank, it’s only because of your assimilated body and the level of your mana core that you’re even able to remain conscious. Even then, I can’t help but say I’m surprised to see you so lively—all things considered, of course.”
I managed to shift my gaze down at Sylvie, who was sitting on the ground beside my bed. <em>I have you to thank for that.</em>
<em>‘You’re welcome,’</em> she replied curtly.<em> ‘Although, I fear I’ll have to do this again in the future.’</em>
I shot my bond a weak grin before looking back to Mendul. “So what sort of procedure should I expect?”
The deviant shifted uncomfortably as he stroked his short beard. “The injuries on your lower body have healed, but not perfectly. In order for you to be able to walk without the use of mana, we’re going to have to, very accurately, break your bones and tear your tissues in very small increments and guide them to heal properly.”
Prying open my tired eyes, I locked gazes with the head medic who had been silently waiting for further instructions. I wasn’t sure whether it was because I was so desperate to be in full health again or because I had undergone countless surgeries after battles during my time as a king in my previous world, but my mind was at peace.
I took one last meaningful glance at my bond before closing my eyes. In a place where anyone in this room could potentially harm me, I was thankful to have Sylvie here.
“Go ahead.”
“Yes, General Arthur!” the thin medic nodded vigorously. “Rest assured; upon hearing news of your condition from Captain Auddyr, Commander Virion spared no efforts in gathering the most elite mages of all three races to make sure you are back in full strength.”
“I’ll be in everyone’s care.” At my whispered words, the mages and medics in the room immediately bowed.
“Seldia, you’re up,” Mendul barked.
A young female elf approached me, giving me a gentle smile. She extended her hand, pressing my forehead with her forefinger. “Excuse me for the intrusion.”
As she closed her eyes, a soothing wave radiated from her fingertip into my head and down the rest of my body. My eyes fell shut as a gentle blanket of darkness wrapped around me.


Chapter 161

Chapter 161
Chapter 161: Why Are You Crying?
“Where to next, Nico?” I asked, cheerfully swinging the plastic bags filled with school supplies by my side.
“We still have to pick up our uniforms, right?” Cecilia answered, cradling a textbook in her arms as if it were a baby.
“It hasn’t been two hours yet since we got ourselves measured. We’ll make that our last stop,” Nico replied. He looked down at his little notepad. “We need to buy backpacks and calculators.”
The three of us strolled casually on the city sidewalk. The streets were old and crooked, with paving stones that wobbled and shifted out of place from the weight of passing pedestrians. Dull buildings towered over us, blending in with the murky gray sky. A recent rain shower covered the usually grimy stench of the area with a fresh earthy smell, while puddles had gathered in the dips and potholes of the neglected streets.
Arcastead was by no means a pleasant or appealing city. Yet, at this moment, everything around me was at least bearable. From the homeless people lurking behind the trash bins in back alleys to the scowling soldiers threatening to arrest any passerby that accidentally bumped into them, the usual sight that I hated so much about this place somehow seemed charming.
Nico let out a sigh, snapping me out of my daze. “Our uniforms might be the same as everyone else’s, but if we go in there with worn out backpacks it’ll be obvious that we’re orphans. I’d rather not have us be excluded by the other students.”
“Fine,” I relented, following Nico as he crossed the street.
The sun had fallen by the time we finished purchasing all of the necessary supplies to start our new lives as students. As we headed toward the outskirts of Arcastead, both the number of patrolling soldiers and street lights became more scarce, keeping us on our toes. Nico and I knew the area well enough to outrun any potential thieves or kidnappers, but having Cecilia with us made the walk back to the orphanage all the more tense.
“Are you excited to go to school, Cecilia?” Nico asked quietly, hoping to fill in the awkward silence.
Her brows furrowed in thought but she ultimately nodded with a smile that had become more frequent as of late. “I’m nervous and scared, but yes.”
As I was about to chime in, a faint rustle drew my attention. Pretending as though I was digging through the plastic bag of school supplies, I took a peek behind us to see a shadow flit behind an alleyway.
“—right, Grey?” Nico nudged my arm.
“Huh?” I whipped my head back forward.
“Sheesh, don’t space out on us,” Nico admonished. “I know we’ve been through this area hundreds of times but it’s still dangerous to be daydreaming like that.”
Scratching the back of my head, I let out a wry chuckle. “My bad.”
“And I was just saying to Cecilia that we would be there in case anything happened to her,” Nico sighed.
Cecilia, who was walking on the other side of Nico, let out a giggle when I heard another faint noise.
A shiver ran down my spine. I could feel my heart pound against my ribcage, trying to break free. Suddenly, I was all too conscious of my breathing. The shallow, ragged breathing I’d heard so many times in movies when the main character was scared.
I was scared. I didn’t know of what, but my body was telling me to run—to get out of here.
Out of the corner of my eye something fast twinkled against the flickering street light, and once again, the world seemed to slow down around me.
I lunged sideways, knocking both Nico and Cecilia into the grimy street.
“Run!” I roared as I heard the click of another projectile being loaded from the shadows.
Although startled and confused, Nico was able to gather his wits. Abandoning his bags, he pulled our disoriented friend into the nearby alleyway.
It felt as if someone else was taking control of my body as I instinctively dipped down and picked up Cecilia’s textbook. I raised the thick hardbound book up to my chest, just in time to feel the force of the projectile sending me staggering back.
I took a quick glance down to see a syringe-like object embedded into the textbook. A clear liquid oozed out of the buried end, dripping to the ground.
It wasn’t a bullet. I knew that for sure.
The memory of my trip to the zoo with Headmaster Wilbeck sprang to mind. It was one of those needles they shot at animals in order to make them fall asleep.
Yanking the needle out of the textbook, I followed after Nico and Cecilia into the narrow alleyway.
“After them! I don’t care what you do with the boys, just keep the girl alive,” a gruff voice barked out orders from behind me.
“Keep running!” My voice echoed off the worn stone walls as I ran, ducking under the rusted fire escape ladders and vaulting over trash bins.
It didn’t take long for me to catch up to my friends, which meant that it wouldn’t take much longer for the crooks behind us to reach us as well.
Nico was fine, but there was a trail of blood running down his legs and arms from scrapes and scratches while running. I knocked down metal trash cans and discarded boxes, throwing anything hard at the pursuers in a desperate attempt to slow them down.
“They’re… going to… catch up,” Nico wheezed, running out of breath.
“Why are they after us?” Cecilia panted as she exerted all of her energy and focus into not tripping over something on the ground.
I shook my head, ignorant as well aside from what the man had said. “Nico, do you still have that glove on you?”
“I should—wait, you’re not seriously thinking of—”
“Can you think of any other way?” I cut him off, my voice laced with impatience.
At Nico’s signal, we veered left into a narrow alley. Our pursuers’ footfalls were growing louder as they gained in on us.
Grudgingly, Nico dug through his jacket pockets. After finding it, he stretched his arm out to give it to me when Cecilia snatched it away from his hand.
“Cecilia?” Nico exclaimed.
“I-I’ll do it,” Cecilia stammered, putting on the fuzzy black glove.
Dumbfounded by the girl’s sudden courage, I nearly tripped over a pile of discarded clothes. “It’s too dangerous. And you still can’t control your ki!”
“Nico and I both heard what that man yelled earlier,” Cecilia huffed. “They aren’t allowed to kill me, right?”
I looked to Nico for assistance, but he couldn’t come up with an argument either.<br/> Cursing under my breath, I tightened my grip around the syringe in my hand.
“Fine. Nico, got a plan?”
My friend’s eyes narrowed the way it did when he was thinking. “We make a right over there,” he ordered softly.
I looked back over my shoulder to see two pursuers dressed in black less than twenty feet feet away from us.
We turned sharply into a wide back-alley behind an old restaurant. I had expected us to keep running but Nico pulled me back by my sleeve.
“Cecilia, fall on your belly like you just tripped over something. Grey, with me,” Nico hissed, dragging me behind a cluster of metal trash cans.
My heart thrummed like a drum, loud enough for me to worry that our pursuers might hear.
It only took a couple seconds for the two men in black to skid to a stop around the corner.
The one on the right spoke into his wrist. “Sir, we have the girl in our sights.”
“The girl tripped and it looks like the boys have abandoned her. Permission to proceed?” the pursuer on the left asked.
Unlike the crooks that’d tried to mug Nico and I a few months back, it was obvious that these two were professionals. They stepped toward Cecilia with caution but to our surprise, our timid and quiet friend began bawling.
“Guys! Don’t leave me!” she wailed as she began crawling away. “Please!”
The man on the right let out a faint scoff as he shook his head. He walked forward, stepping down on Cecilia’s leg.
I gnashed my teeth as Cecilia let out a cry, but for once, Nico looked more angry than me. His eyes were fierce in a way that made even me fearful.
While the man that asked for permission to proceed remained a few feet away, the pursuer on the right stretched down and snagged Cecilia up by the back of her coat.
He brought up the communication device on his other wrist and spoke. “We have her.”
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
Cecilia took full advantage of that opportunity to lash around and plant her gloved hand on the pursuer’s face.
A shrill scream tore out of Cecilia’s throat. Like all the times she had gone out of control, a blast of ki erupted out of her. However, some of her rampant ki had flowed down her arm and to her hand. A current of electricity flashed out the black glove, lighting the dingy alleyway.
The pursuer that had grabbed ahold of Cecilia wasn’t even able to scream as his body spasmed.
A puddle formed on the ground between the victim’s legs as Cecilia pried herself free from his grasp.
Nico squeezed my arm and we rushed into action. Nico dived for the uninjured pursuer’s legs while I went for his sternum.
I’d thought the flash of light would’ve disoriented him enough for us to end the fight quickly, but he had recovered fast enough to react to our attack.
Sidestepping out of Nico’s reach, he kicked my friend away while he swung down his right arm.
I back-stepped away from his strike and closed in to strike his exposed throat, throwing him by surprise.
Confident that I would be able to land my attack I stepped into reach, only for him to dip his head and stretch his left hand toward my neck at frightening speed.
I gagged as the man’s cold hand gripped around my throat and lifted me off the ground.
“You have potential, kid,” he sneered, bringing me close to him. “A waste you’ll have to die here.”
With less than an arm’s length distance between us, I was able to see the man’s face for the first time. His nose and mouth were covered by a mask, but it didn’t matter. With his scarred left eye being brown and right eye green, I would be able to spot him from a mile away.
My vision was darkening and I could feel the strength leave my body, but despite the situation, I shot the two-colored man a smirk.
Praying to whichever higher being could help me, I drove the point of the syringe into the man’s neck.
“What—” he gasped, letting go of me as he fell to the ground.
With no time to waste, I hurriedly woke up the unconscious Nico and helped Cecilia back to her feet.
“W-We did it,” Cecilia whispered as she leaned on me for support. Her legs were shaking, not from the cold but out of fear, and her cheeks were lined with tears.
“Good job, you two,” Nico muttered weakly as he put Cecilia’s other arm over his shoulder for support.
“Yeah, we did it.” I nodded. “Now, come on. We need to get out of here before more of them come.
“You’d best kill us and run far away, brats.”
I whipped my head over my shoulder to see the guy with the brown and green eyes squirming on the ground.
“You have nowhere to go,” he mumbled, his voice slurring from the effects of the clear liquid. “I made sure of that.”
“Let’s go, Grey,” Nico urged, tightening his arm around Cecilia to keep her steady.
None of us talked as we made our way to the orphanage. Even the streets were quiet except for the sirens that screamed in the distance. It was as if we didn’t want to accept what had happened to us—that we were almost killed for no reason. I wanted to look forward. I wanted to, instead, think about the fact that we were going to attend a school in a new city soon. We would have to buy new supplies, but that’d be okay. Everything would be okay once we got to the orphanage and Headmaster Wilbeck got us out of Arcastead.
Cecilia was able to walk on her own after about a few blocks, which was a vast improvement from when she would be knocked out cold for hours after one of her ki outbursts.
“Thanks for the help,” Cecilia muttered, breaking the silence as she shyly handed what was left of the black glove back to Nico. The shock glove that my friend made had been reduced to a clump of wool from the overload of ki from Cecilia. “Sorry about your glove.”
“Don’t worry about it.” Nico stuffed the remains of his glove into his tattered jacket and looked at me with a smirk. “At least I was able to see what it was capable of thanks to you. Grey wasn’t useful at all.”
“Make fun of me all you want; I was the one that saved you guys today,” I gloated, sticking my tongue out at Nico.
Unexpectedly, Nico responded seriously. “You’re right. I wasn’t any help in that fight.”
“H-Hey, I was just kidding,” I stammered, a pang of guilt ringing in my chest.
“Nico, it was thanks to your glove that we were able to escape them,” Cecilia consoled.
“Yeah!” I quickly agreed, walking ahead of them. “And I bet you can learn to make a lot more better tools and weapons after going to school!”
Nico’s sullen expression brightened at our words. Taking out the remains of the shock glove, he gripped it tightly with a newfound fervor in his eyes. “We’ll need to get new supplies first. Headmaster Wilbeck is going to blow a fuse!”
Cecilia let out a giggle. “She might even make us go back tomorrow morning to find it!”
I let the two enjoy their moment behind me as the two of them burst into a fit of laughter. The summer nights were usually warm but it felt different than usual. The air was dry with a smell of smoke that was only getting stronger getting stronger...why?
I turned the corner into the street our orphanage was on, and I found my answer.
Nico and Cecilia grew closer behind me but their footsteps seemed to echo and their voices were muffled from the sound of blood pounding in my ears.
Suddenly, the words of the man with the brown and green eyes rang in my head: “You have no home to go to.”
I stopped dead in my tracks as my gaze locked onto the sight of the orphanage burning to the ground. Police cars, firetrucks and ambulances were clustered in front of our home.
And then I saw her.
Being carried on a stretcher. A paramedic had just put a tarp over her, covering her face, but I saw her. I saw Headmaster Wilbeck.
I ran, leaving behind Nico and Cecilia. I evaded the policemen securing the perimeter and pushed aside the paramedics.
People shouted around me but I couldn’t hear what they were saying. All I could hear was my blood pounding in my ears.
I tore off the tarp covering Headmaster Wilbeck.
Blood—too much of it. Her eyes were closed.
Why are they closed?
I shook her. She needed to wake up.
Nico, Cecilia and I were attacked by bad people but we got away. Everything was supposed to be okay now.
I shook her too hard. Her arm fell limply off the edge of the stretcher. Her eyes were still closed.
The man’s words sounded in my head once more like a hot iron rod against my skull. “<em>You have nowhere to go</em>.”
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>ARTHUR LEYWIN</strong></span>
“Arthur!”
My eyes shot open as tears continued to stream down my face.
Everything was still blurry but I could tell I was in my room now inside the castle. My breathing was still short and erratic as my left hand gripped onto something soft and warm.
“Arthur,” the familiar, soothing voice called out to me again.
I turned my head, blinking away the tears still forming in my eyes.
Next to me, holding my hand, was Tessia. Her eyes were red and there were tears welling up in her eyes as well.
“Tessia?” My voice came out dry and raspy. “Why are you crying?”
“Dummy.” She choked back a laugh, smiling as her tears rolled down her cheek. “I could ask you the same thing.”


Chapter 162

Chapter 162
Chapter 162: Intermission
My gaze remained on Tess. She was smiling—laughing, even—from relief and embarrassment as she wiped away her tears.
This was my first time seeing my childhood friend after the ceremony where I was given the title of a lance, but it had been even longer since the last time we had spoken.
Since then, the elven princess had changed. There was a faint scar just along her hairline above her right ear that would’ve gone unnoticed had she not tied up her hair. Scars from battles were visible all over her arms while her left forearm had a fresh bandage wrapped around it.
“You’re hurt,” I noted, gently tracing the line of blood seeping through her bandage with my fingers.
Noticing my sullen expression, she grabbed onto my scarred hand tenderly with both hands. “Oh please, I have more injuries from attempting to cook than from actually fighting.”
I let out a wry chuckle at the thought. I didn’t pull away from her grasp. Despite the callouses on her palms and fingers, her hand felt soft and warm compared to mine.
Tessia continued to voice her concern, shaking her head. “Do you have any idea how scared I was when I heard the news from my captain?”
“Your captain? Does that mean you were promoted to a head?” I asked, staring at the stunned expression on the princess.
“You’re unbelievable. Your thoughts immediately go to whether I got promoted to a head? You almost died, Arthur!”
“I’m just glad you’re doing well,” I replied with a grin.
Tess let out a sigh, leaning her head on my arm. “I don’t even have the strength to argue with you.”
I let out a chuckle, squeezing Tess’s hand. Time seemed to slow down for a brief moment as the two of us stayed like this in silence.
“You took such careful measures to make sure everyone would be safe that I never even thought how dangerous this war would be for you.” Tess lifted her head, gazing upward at me with her brilliant turquoise eyes. “Seeing you like this in a bed full of injuries, it was a cold reminder that you’re only human and not some indestructible mage and warrior.
I chortled. “Is that how I look to you most of the time? Some indestructible figure?”
“With the emotional maturity of a toddler,” she finished with a wide grin.
“Is that any way to talk to a general?” I scolded, trying to keep a serious face as she struggled to do the same.
“My apologies, General Arthur,” she replied, laughter in her voice.
Suddenly, the door to my room burst open. Stumbling inside was Virion Eralith, the commander of the entire Dicathen military and his son Alduin Eralith, followed by his wife, my younger sister Eleanor, Sylvie, and a couple of guards. Behind them was Eleanor’s eight-foot-tall bear casually chewing on a slab of meat with disinterest in his eyes at the turn of events.
The room turned silent once more. Tessia’s parents and my own sister feigned ignorance of the situation, refusing to make eye contact with us. The guards awkwardly shuffled away while Virion coughed uncomfortably as he straightened out his robe.
The commander of Dicathen cleared his throat, his gaze wandering around the room as he tried to keep a dignified demeanor.
“Grandpa?” Tess exclaimed, dumbfounded.
“I see you haven’t spent much effort furnishing this room, Arthur,” he noted, still unable to look us in the eyes.
“You guys were eavesdropping?” Tess’s face was beet red while she raised an accusatory finger at her family.
Virion wagged a finger in denial. “Of course not, dear. We were simply overhearing the well-being of Arthur, a prized general that had been tragically—”
The commander was unable to finish his excuse as he dodged a book Tess had picked up from the nightstand and thrown at him.
I let out a chuckle, sitting up on my bed as my gaze fixed on my sister awkwardly holding onto my bond.
‘Your sister has been patiently waiting for you to wake up,’ Sylvie informed.
It hadn’t been that long since I had last seen my sister, yet it felt like only now that I noticed how big she’d gotten. I couldn’t call her my baby sister anymore.
“Come here, Ellie,” I said gently.
My little sister’s lower lip trembled as tears began flooding down her face. Letting go of my bond, she bolted into my arms, nearly knocking the wind out of me.
“I was so worried!” she said angrily, her voice breaking down into sobs. “What would’ve happened if you had died?!”
“I’m okay, El,” I coaxed as her face remained buried in my chest. I reached up to stroke my sister’s brown hair when I noticed that the injuries I had gotten from the witch-like retainer were still there. My expression darkened at the sight of the ugly red scar that spread all over my left hand up to my wrist as if the skin had been burned off. The injury had diminished greatly and appeared as if it were a few years old thanks to Sylvie’s vivum abilities, but my entire hand had turned a shade of sickly pink.
Boo, Ellie’s bond, regarded me with a suspicious eye as he gnawed on the bone of the meat, but allowed me to continue embracing his master.
Sylvie casually hopped onto my bed and curled up beside me. She didn’t say anything, but a wave of relief flooded from my bond.
After the initial chaos had subsided, Alduin and Merial had to depart due to problems with one of the elven cities up north. My sister remained a bundle of sniffles and hiccups for awhile as her emotions swayed from sorrow and guilt all the way to anger.
Rubbing the tears from her eyes, Ellie’s gaze landed on my scarred hand. “How could you let yourself get hurt like this?”
“Scars fade,” I said with a weak smile, hoping to dismiss her concerns.
Physical appearances had never been of great importance to me, but it was still a bit nerve-wracking to see how bad of a mark my injuries had left behind. Working up the courage, I carefully got out of bed, making sure my legs were able to carry me.
Standing up on my own two legs without the help of mana was a blessing that I had always taken for granted. I took slow and steady steps toward the mirror as everyone in the room watched with apprehension.
Taking a deep breath, I looked up to study my reflection and I was immediately able to see the toll the battle with the retainer had taken on my body. Even without taking off my robe, my gaze immediately landed on my neck. The same red scars that covered my hand and wrist had been branded across my throat.
Untying the band across my waist, I slipped out of my robe so I was only wearing my undergarment.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
Wow, I’m a mess.
‘You could’ve been a lot worse off,’ Sylvie chimed, her usual curtness gone.
Scars of varying lengths were littered all over my toned body like chips and cracks on an ancient statue weathered by time and the forces of nature. More of the red scars were visible across my shoulder and part of my back. The scars that ran down my waist down to my knees were particularly gruesome—as if someone had torn apart me legs piece by piece and crudely stitched together.
“Consider it a godsend that you were even able to recover to the state you’re in now,” a clear voice sounded, rousing me from my thoughts.
Casting a sideways glance, I caught sight of the three-eyed asura, Aldir, stepping into my room.
“Master,” Tess greeted, getting up from her seat. My childhood friend’s cheeks were flushed as she awkwardly positioned herself away from me.
Realizing that it was probably my lack of clothing that made her uncomfortable, I slipped back into my robe before greeting the asura. “Aldir.”
“Arthur Leywin.” he nodded before dipping his head at Sylvie. “Lady Sylvie.”
“What you said just now. What did you mean?” I asked, taking a seat beside Virion on the leather couch.
Sitting down across from us next to Tess, he pointed his finger toward a ring on his left finger. “Do you remember the elixir pearl Windsom had given you a few years ago? The one you never used?”
After searching inside my dimension ring, I couldn’t find the gold-flecked pearl that I had saved in order to help me break into the white core stage. “What happened to it?”
“It’s what gave your body the strength to recover to the state you’re in now,” the asura let out a sigh, straightening out his deep lavender robe. “Even with a team of lessers specializing in medical mana arts as well as Lady Sylvie using her aether arts—albeit inexperienced—it still took the full effects of the powerful elixir to heal you.”
“I’m guessing you or Windsom aren’t allowed to give me another elixir, right?” I asked hopefully.
The three-eyed asura shook his head. “Since the war has started, we can’t risk the treaty being broken.”
“Damn,” I cursed, leaning my head back on the couch.
“Sorry to kick you while you’re down, but I thought you might still want this,” Virion chimed in, taking out Dawn’s Ballad from his dimension ring. “I was able to secure your sword from the retainer’s corpse.”
My heart sank as I was handed the once stunning sword. The translucent teal blade of Dawn’s Ballad had dulled while its tip had been melted away by the retainer’s corrosive abilities, throwing off the delicate balance of the sword.
Sheathing it in its scabbard I had been carrying inside my ring, I idly stared at the palm my right hand. Wren had embedded a gem he had refined himself called acclorite that was supposed to somehow turn into a special weapon.
Now would be a great time for a new weapon, I thought to my hand.
‘Arthur,’ Sylvie’s voice sounded. ‘I told Aldir some of the events that occurred but I think it’d be best if you went over it with him and Virion in detail.’
Right.
Slowly getting up from my seat, I walked over to my little sister who’d been silent the whole time. “Ellie. Can you wait for me outside while I talk over some stuff?”
Raising a skeptical brow, she replied, “Only if you promise not to leave without at least saying goodbye.”
Scratching my cheek, I let out a wry chuckle. “I promise.”
“Fine.” She got up from her seat and walked toward the door before looking back over her shoulder with a proud expression. “I wanted to show you what I’ve been working on.”
“Oh?” I raised a brow, thinking she was referring to a spell she had been practicing. “I can’t wait!”
After my sister closed the door behind her, the only ones left inside my room was the current commander of Dicathen, an asura, my bond, and Tessia.
“Let me catch you up on what happened since the battle with the retainer,” I began.
“Wait. Let’s call an official meeting with the rest of the Council,” Virion interrupted, getting up.
“No. I want this to be heard by your ears only. What you choose to do with this information is up to you.”
Tess raised a timid hand. “Should I leave?”
“It’s fine.” I shook my head. “Before I start though, I just want to know one thing.”
“And what would that be?” Aldir replied, taking note that my gaze was directed at him.
“Who has control over the Mica Earthborn and Alfred Warned, the two dwarven lances—you, or Rahdeas?”
The asura’s single purple eye that was open narrowed in thought as he continued staring at me. “I’m still currently in control over the two lances. Why do you ask?”
It took longer than I’d expected to debrief them of the events that followed after the battle with the retainer.
As expected, Virion and Tessia were dumbfounded by the evident betrayal from the dwarves. Aldir’s expression remained steadfast; if he was surprised, he did a perfect job concealing it.
Despite the initial surprise, however, Virion recovered quickly. “If the dwarves are really in alliance with the Alacryan army, then it’ll be much harder to prevent battles from reaching civilian cities. Were you able to discern whether it was just a separate faction of dwarves or if it was more large-scale than that?”
“I can’t say with certainty without getting some answers out of Rahdeas,” I said through gritted teeth, regretful of the circumstances implicating Elijah’s former guardian.
“The news of a scythe appearing is troubling,” Aldir added. “If she intends to wreak havoc with her retainer by her side as well as an entire division of troops, then this isn’t something one or two lances can take on even with an army backing them.”
“Which is why I need to know where the allegiance of two dwarven lances lie,” I replied. “A large-scale battle is nearing and I don’t want any unforeseen obstacles.”


Chapter 163

Chapter 163
Chapter 163: From Lance To Brother
Leaving Sylvie in my room to rest, I ventured through the brightly-lit halls of the castle. Looking down at my feet as I made careful steps, it was the first time I had noticed the vibrant patterns of the thick carpet in the upper residential halls. It was a funny thing to note; I’d always been in such a rush and always had a goal that I never even looked down to enjoy the subtle pleasantries around me.
It didn’t take long for me to find Ellie. She was sitting by a large window, gazing outside the sea of clouds while idly combing her fingers through her bond’s thick fur. Boo opened an eye, sensing my presence, but went back to his nap after seeing that it was me.
“May I join you?” I asked.
“You don’t need to ask,” she smiled weakly, taking a glance back at me before gazing out at the blue sky once more.
I sat down next to her on the ground, admiring the rolling clouds’ twinkle and shine from the rays of sunlight above. I could see the tip of a mountain in the distance, but besides that, only an endless expanse of white and blue.
“Do you miss them?” Ellie spoke in a soft voice. “Mom and Dad.”
“Not much as I should,” I admitted. “I worry for them—I know they’re safe out there, but so many things have been going on.”
There was a moment of silence as my sister simply continued petting her bond.
“You know, there are a lot of adults and kids that come up to me saying how lucky and fortunate I am to have a brother like you. The ones that aren’t jealous of me are jealous of you—that you’re a lance, that you’re so talented in magic and fighting, and that you have the recognition of all of this continent’s leaders. You know, some even say that you might become one of the next leaders when you get older.” My sister let out a scoff. “But it’s funny. I never told you this, but there was a time when I hated you. I felt like it was because of you that my life was like this now. I blamed you for Mom and Dad feeling like they needed to help out in the war too, and I blamed you for my not being able to have a regular life in school with classrooms and a bunch of friends.”
My sister was looking away from me as she turned her body toward Boo, but I could see the hand petting her bond trembling while her shoulders quivered. “Ellie…”
“But the funny thing is, I don’t blame you anymore. How can I blame you when your life was worse than mine? Most of the memories I have of you were you coming in and out of the house full of injuries, with unbelievable stories of how you faced this monster or that monster. It was really fun and amazing to hear back then—I thought you were so cool and strong—but I feel like I know better now. The things you had to give up to get where you are today…”
My sister hurriedly wiped her eyes with her sleeves and turned back to me with red eyes and a wide, forced grin.
I reached out to her, but she grabbed my hand and shook it before getting up. “Whew! Now that I got that off of my chest, come on! I want to show you something.”
“What is all of this?” I asked as we reached the outdoor terrace of the castle.
My gaze swept through the dozens of wooden planks hanging from various tree branches. While there were arrows protruding out of the planks, more were on the ground and the tree trunks around them.
“What I’ve been working on!” my sister proclaimed proudly as her bond curled up on the ground beside her with an aloof yawn. Ellie was abnormally perky after our conversation by the window as if she was trying to forget about it.
Trying not to dwell too much on my sister’s inconsistent behavior, I watched as she picked up a peculiar-looking short bow propped up against a pillar and a stray arrow with its tip buried into the nearby grass.
Raising the flexible bow so that the nocked arrow was at eye level, she held her still trembling breath and took a moment to aim before letting go of the string.
The thin arrow whistled as it sliced through the air, curving ever-so-slightly around a plank and hitting a different wooden target behind it.
Genuinely impressed, I applauded my sister but she held up a hand and shook her head. “Now, watch this.”
Raising her bow once more, she mumbled a brief chant. The tip of her guiding finger that was holding onto the bow began emitting a soft glow and when my sister slowly pulled the string back, the mana took form into a thin glowing arrow.
I remained silent—half from focus, half from surprise—while Ellie fired the mana arrow at a nearby target plank. The arrow let out a soft hum rather than a sharp whistle as it hastily approached its target, but before it was able to reach the plank, the arrow dissipated.
Letting out a sigh, my sister’s shoulders sank. “I swear I was able to reach the target a couple days ago.”
“That was amazing!” I exclaimed.
“I failed though,” she replied, disappointed.
“You’re barely twelve, Ellie! Most kids your age can barely conjure a ball of mana let alone shoot it out that far away,” I said, my voice still laced with enthusiasm.
My sister was silent for a moment as she absentmindedly stared at her bow.
“Aren’t you glad that your dear brother is impressed after all of that practicing?” a voice chimed from behind.
I looked over my shoulder to see a rather odd duo walking out into the terrace: Emily Watsken and Helen Shard.
“Surprised, General?” Helen smirked, noticing my confusion.
While it was reasonable for Emily to be in and out of the castle since she was apprenticed under Gideon, seeing her with the leader of the Twin Horns and current head of a large platoon of soldiers made for a head-tilting moment.
However, with the peculiar bow in Ellie’s hand and her sudden adeptness in archery, I could only put two and two together.
“I won’t deny that,” I replied back with a smile.
“You look like you’ve been through a lot.” Emily noticed my injuries.
“Just about as any other soldier out there,” I shrugged.
After Ellie and I greeted the two friends, we talked around the round patio table. We discussed how my sister was struggling in mana manipulation despite awakening at an early age.
“You’re having a hard time?” I asked my sister. “Why didn’t you tell me? I could’ve helped.”
“You’re a general now, and even before then, you were always busy. I didn’t want to bother you with it. Besides, Mom and Dad were helping me before they had to leave.”
My sister tried to sound cheerful, but the faint sullen tone in her voice, along with our conversation earlier, made my chest ache.
“I stopped by one day to check up on her after finishing a dungeon tour and she asked me for help,” Helen chimed in, trying to lift the mood. “I’m not a conjurer so I couldn’t exactly help her, so I asked the artificer, Gideon, to run some tests on her. He pawned off what he called ‘a chore’ to Emily here, and that’s when we found out about her little gift.”
Eleanor let out a shy laugh as she rubbed her head. “I wouldn’t call it a gift.”
“What gift?” I demanded, my curiosity growing.
“I think it’ll be easier for you to just show your impatient brother, Ellie,” Helen chuckled.
“Okay,” she agreed. Raising her hand, she concentrated on the center of her palm when a faint orb of mana manifested. While there were no attributes, the pure orb of mana began slowly changing shape until its once spherical shape turned into a seven-pointed star.
“You see, after I assessed Eleanor,” Emily stressed her participation as she leaned forward, “I realized that she had a real knack for molding mana into detailed shapes. Normally, whether you can make a fire ball into a fire cube doesn’t really matter, but if you’re able to conjure the exact shape of an arrow along with a particular arrowhead, then you can potentially have an infinite arsenal of arrows that enemies won’t be able to predict.”
“Well, coming up with the arrow solution was my idea,” the leader of the Twin Horns added.
“All right, stop bickering,” I cut in.
My sister let out a giggle. “They’ve both been a great help! Helen has been really strict but helpful in teaching me archery and Emily made me this bow as a training tool.”
“That’s me being easy on you,” Helen replied with a smirk. She turned to me. “I’ve been in and out of the castle, so she’s been learning on her own but her growth is actually quite scary. It’s like these gifts run in the Leywin family.”
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
Clearing her throat to get our attention, the freckled artificer adjusted her glasses, then explained the mechanism for the bow she had customized specifically for my sister. “The bow is still in the testing phase, and it requires a certain amount of finesse but like Helen said, your sister catches on frighteningly fast.”
“I still have a long way to go,” Ellie rebutted.
Looking carefully now, I noticed the callouses and fresh blisters on her fingers and palms—proof of her effort.
“Thank you—both of you—for helping my sister like this.” I turned to my little sister, tousling her hair. “And I’m sorry I haven’t been there for you.”
“Like I said, I don’t blame you. You’re just doing what you have to.” She shrugged. “Besides, Helen told me that Mom and Dad are far away from battles so I’m not too worried about them, but I’m just thankful when you come back in one piece.”
My heart lurched once more in guilt, and I understood why she said she had blamed me for our parents participating in the war. That’s why they left—they didn’t want to just sit safely and wait while praying that they wouldn’t hear news of my death.
“I’m sorry for always worrying you,” I said softly, unable to do anything else but apologize.
Ellie’s gaze laid fixed on the scars around my throat but she said nothing, and in some ways, that pained me even more.
My little sister had indeed grown up much faster than I wanted her to. The childlike innocence and selfishness she once had were gone.
“What are you doing here back in the castle so soon anyway, Helen?” my sister changed the subject.
“Ah, right! The heads and above got called into the castle for a big celebration tonight,” she answered. “The actual reason for the event was supposed to be a secret but it was already leaked—apparently a retainer had been defeated!”
“Really?” Emily’s eyes lit up. “Do you think it was a lance?”
“Nothing’s confirmed, but that’s probably the most likely! All I know is that Commander Virion himself took a small crew to retrieve the body,” Helen answered.
“Things are looking up then!” My sister perked up. “I’m glad.”
Shifting glances from Helen to Emily then to my sister and back, I thought for a second that they were teasing me, but after a few minutes of just listening to them, I realized that they were seriously just gossiping. Do they really not know who killed the retainer?
However, thinking back, I had arrived in the castle several days after the retainer’s body had been retrieved. There were a team of medics waiting for my arrival, but now I doubted whether they had even been told the reason for my injuries.
“Wait, so a celebration is happening tonight?” I asked, veering the conversation back to its original path.
“Yeah, isn’t that why you’re back at the castle too?” Helen replied with a raised brow.
My sister answered in my stead. “My brother had to come back because he got hurt.”
“What? How? Where? Are you okay?” Emily bombarded.
“I was just careless. It’s no big deal.” I was tempted to tell them the truth, especially my sister, but I assumed Virion had a reason for keeping all of this a secret.
“It was a big deal!” My sister pinched my side. “You were out for more than a day and even then, you still have those scars.”
Wincing as she twisted my skin even further, I apologized once more to my sister, assuring her that I wouldn’t make the same ‘mistake’ again. The topic of the conversation changed, but for the rest of our little gathering during the afternoon, Helen regarded me with doubtful eyes.
Coming back into my room, I was greeted by my bond. ‘How was spending time with your sister?’
“Ellie’s all grown up now,” I sighed.
‘You make that sound like a bad thing,’ Sylvie replied.
“Wisdom and maturity stemmed from enduring hard circumstances is a painful thing to see as a big brother. But I was able to at least catch up with her and learn a bit more about what’s happening in her life. Did you know she’s learning archery from Helen? She and Emily even came up with this new practice of combining conjuring with archery for Ellie!”
Sylvie let out tiny puffs of air from her nostril, and it was only after a second that I realized she was laughing. ‘I haven’t seen you this excited in a while.’
“That’s not true,” I rebutted.
‘Oh?’ Sylvie raised her head, looking up at me from the bed. ‘Tell that to your grinning lips.’
“Shush,” I dismissed. Despite my sister’s heavy words, it was enjoyable spending time with her. “How are you feeling?”
‘Sluggish, heavy, sleepy and weak,’ she sent, curling back up into a ball. ‘It’s like being a hatchling all over again.’
“Well, there’s supposedly this big event happening later tonight. Do you feel up for it?” I asked.
‘I’ll pass,’ she replied, her voice becoming listless. ‘Save me some food though.’
Taking a seat on the couch, I let out a chuckle. “I’ll have the maids bring some up.”
‘Make sure it’s meat.’
“Go to sleep.”
With the soft hum of Sylvie making the otherwise cold and silent room a bit homier, I took some time to sort out my thoughts. Reaching into my dimension ring, I pulled out Dawn’s Ballad, placing it gently on the tea table in front of me.
I couldn’t help but let another sigh escape my lips as I looked at the poor state of my weapon. This sword had been by my side for nearly five years. Without the need to polish, sharpen or even clean the blade while being able to withstand just about anything, Dawn’s Ballad was truly a valuable asset.
Studying the sword, I assessed that—even when damaged—it was better than any other sword I’d be likely to come across.
I had no idea if and when the weapon that the quirky asura, Wren, implanted on me would manifest so it’d be reckless to rely on having it during this upcoming battle.
My thoughts then shifted to my recent journey to Darv. I needed to make sure whether or not Rahdeas was the leader of this treason, and if so, what I should do. Even if Eljiah’s foster parent wasn’t in control of the two dwarven lances, according to Alduin and Merial, he still held a large amount of support from the overall dwarven citizens. Along with the fact that the dwarves’ overall dissatisfaction of the Glayder family and humans ran deep, killing him would mean a mass uprising from the dwarves.
I couldn’t tell how much time had passed, but by how dim the room had turned, it wouldn’t be long until the event.
“Arthur? You’re in there, right? I’m coming in!” With a loud bang, the door to my room burst open and a crowd of maids and guards filed in with Virion at the back.
I had no time to prepare, or even react, as the guards pushed aside the furniture inside to make room in the center while a horde of maids began undressing me.
What disturbed me more, though, was how accustomed I was to being thrown into situations like this. Shall I call this the Virion Effect?
Virion stepped up, already elegantly dressed in a black robe with silver trimmings that accentuated his silver hair tied neatly behind him. “Now, you’re probably surprised by—”
“—Nope,” I cut in. “What is it that you’re planning this time, old man?”
A few maids gasped at my crude response, but Virion just waved for them to continue. “I see that barging into your room and abruptly having a team of maids strip you naked doesn’t put you in the most amiable mood. No offense taken. I’ve taken the liberty of arranging this event as a sort of trap—harmless—for our dear Rahdeas, and you, my soon-to-be-grandson, have the lead role.”


Chapter 164

Chapter 164
Chapter 164: Old Face
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>TESSIA ERALITH</strong></span>
The figure standing in front of me, head tilted ever-so-slightly in scrutiny, wore a lavishly decorated dress of shimmering black. The silky fabric came up just above the base of the neck, with subtle frills adding a girlish touch. The sleeves covered the length of the arm with the same delicate frills at the ends, while the dress fell on the shorter side—coming up just short of my knees.
Locks of gunmetal hair flowed down on one side in perfectly organized twirls that contrasted starkly against the dark color of her attire.
After wearing armor and being covered in grime for that past months, I couldn’t believe that the person standing in front of the mirror was me.
“You look beautiful.” My mother shifted glances between me and my reflection with a warm smile on her face. Looking at her sitting properly in a chair beside me, however, I couldn’t help but lose confidence even in my new dress.
While I knew she was much younger than my father, my mother should still be past her prime. Yet her bright silver hair was still lush, her blue eyes still radiant, and her skin still youthfully supple. She and my father had already finished preparing for the event, and unlike my dark gown, my mother wore a beautiful dusty rose dress that flowed gently, emphasizing her slim waist and wide hips while still maintaining a reserved elegance.
I studied myself, turning left and right so I could see every angle while a team of maids nodded with reserved content. “I’m not so sure about this. The dress is a bit bleak, isn’t it? Maybe I should wear something a little brighter?”
“I think the black makes you look mature,” she answered. “What do you girls think?”
“I agree,” the head maid quickly replied. “This was made by a famous silk weaver in Kalberk City, who designed it specifically for you, Lady Tessia. The lacing and frills add a very cute touch while the overall shape and color of the dress gives off a very—excuse my language—sensual semblance.”
“Sensual?” I pondered, twisting left and right once more.
“Laylack, the designer, believes that the clothing itself shouldn’t be beautiful. Rather, the clothing should bring out and accentuate the beauty of the wearer,” a younger maid added. “I think this dress does a fine job of that. If I didn’t know any better, I’d think that your hair and eyes were actually glowing in contrast to the dress.”
“Oh please. You girls said the same thing to me when I first wore my armor! I can’t trust any of you,” I argued, unable to hide the smile from creeping up on my pouting face. A wave of laughter filled the room as the maids hurriedly completed the finishing touches.
Stepping out of my room, I spotted Stannard, Darvus, and Caria chatting with one another.
“Your Majesty,” the three stiffened at the sight of my mother before greeting her in unison.
“Mr. Berwick, Mr. Clarell, and Ms. Rede,” my mother responded with a soft smile before turning her head toward me. “Tessia, I’ll see you up there. I have matters to attend to with your father and the other Council members.”
As the event was being held in the uppermost floor of the castle, my mother was escorted toward the stairwell as we remained in the hallway with a couple of castle guards.
My three friends and team members silently waited for my mother and her maids to leave before turning back to me with cheeky grins.
“Lookin’ good there, Princess.” Darvus, dressed in a sleek black suit, nudged me with his elbow as we made our way to the stairs. His usually unruly mane was slicked back with oil while the structured frame of the suit did a nice job of toning down his burly frame.
“You’re being gross, Darvus,” Caria sighed as she turned to me. “But he’s not lying. You look gorgeous.”
It was obvious my petite friend had put in a lot of effort for the occasion, and it paid off. Complementing her cute appearance and curly bobbed hair was a fluttery green dress that came down to her mid-thigh, a length that’d be frowned upon by the older generation if she wasn’t wearing tights underneath.
“Thanks, but I didn’t realize how uncomfortable I’d be in this getup.”
“At least you look good in your getup,” Stannard complained from behind. “I look like some ornamental bird with this getup.”
The rest of us laughed as Standard fluttered his bright blue robe like they were wings. Rather than wearing a fitted suit like Darvus, Stannard chose to wear a more luxurious conjurer’s robe, which looked to be more decorative than functional.
“Anyway,” I turned back to Caria, who was walking beside me. “You look rather charming yourself. Are you trying to snag up one of the noble boys at the event?”
Caria’s face immediately reddened but she tried to look calm as she answered. “P-Please! Most of the younger nobles attending are probably their family heirs, which means one thing: they’re super pretentious! Seriously, hiding safely to protect their lineage while sipping on wine.”
“My oldest brother happens to be one those heirs you speak of,” Darvus replied. “And you happen to be absolutely spot on about him.”
“Then maybe help Stannard find a nice lady to settle down with after the war is over,” I added.
“Yes, please,” he nodded fervently. “I’d like that very much.”
“Hey! Why don’t you help me?” Darvus complained.
“Shush!” Caria reached over and smacked her childhood friend’s arm. “Why would the princess of Elenoir introduce people to such a crass lump of muscle?”
“Excuse me?” Darvus clutched his heart as if he’d been stabbed. “After I so kindly invited the two of you… this is the thanks I get?”
“Tessia would’ve invited us even if you hadn’t,” Stannard retorted.
“Regardless! I’m just going to use the opportunity to listen to the big announcement and eat some good food,” Caria said.
“I’m also curious as to what the announcement is going to be,” I said.
“Your grandfather didn’t even tell you? Must be big,” Darvus said with brows raised.
By the time we reached the stairwell, the traffic had reached a standstill due to the sheer volume of people trying to get up, but amidst our pointless banter and talk of recent missions, time moved rather quickly.
Unlike some of the past events held by the Council, this one was open to nobles outside of the castle as well, so the large spiraling stairway was packed with nobles, unaccustomed to being crammed in such tight quarters, loudly voicing their complaints. Some used the opportunity to casually brag to their peers about the large expanse of land and wealth their families had in a not-so-casual volume, hoping to impress potential suitors nearby. While I felt some glances come my way, few nobles had the audacity to try and approach me. Those that did were easily scared away by my guards.
It was apparent how uncomfortable Caria and Stannard were being in the middle of so many nobles. While Caria had had some exposure since her family had served Darvus’ family for generations, Stannard came from a more humble background.
“I’m tired already,” Stannard mumbled as he was pushed and pulled by the crowd.
“You think it’s bad here, imagine how packed it is in the lower floors closer to the teleportation gate,” Darvus consoled.
Caria agreed. “Yeah, I heard there are a lot of nobles coming from outside of the castle since this is the first time since the war began that the castle has been open to more than just the residents.”
Inching slowly toward the top floor, I couldn’t help but glance around every now and then, hoping to maybe spot Arthur. Chances were that he was either still resting or he’d come later on, but my eyes seemed to subconsciously search for a head of long auburn hair.
As if reading my mind, Caria asked, “By the way, where’s your handsome lover?”
“He’s not my lover!” I said a bit too loudly, turning heads around us. “And he got injured recently so I think he’s resting… probably.”
“Mister Lance got hurt?” Darvus gasped mockingly. “I guess he’s not as strong as they say he is.”
“Yet you got your ass handed to you,” Stannard chimed innocently.
“Shut up!” my burly friend retorted before glaring back at Caria. “And he’s not that handsome. With his long hair, I bet people mistake him for a girl.”
“Aww, is someone jealous?” Caria grinned. “I’ve heard that after Arthur’s little appearance at the dungeon, there were quite a few girls smitten by him.”
“Looks like our princess has to now fend off competition on top of Alacryans and mutant mana beasts,” Stannard chuckled.
“You guys know I can demote all of you now, right?” I threatened.
After half an hour of inching up the stairwell, we finally reached the top floor of the castle. Looking up, I—along with everyone else that had just come out of the stairwell—let out a gasp in amazement. Just like the terrace on the residential floor, the top of the castle was enveloped in a transparent dome-shaped barrier so that the entire venue appeared to be taking place outdoors.
The sun was just beginning to set so the entire castle was surrounded by an endless expanse of a serene magenta and burning orange. Orbs of light floated above us inside the dome-shaped barrier, casting gentle glows. With hundreds of nobles from elves to humans to dwarves, all dressed meticulously, and an orchestra playing a variety of flutes and stringed instruments to fill the gaps in conversations, stepping up to the top floor felt as if I’d been transported into a mesmerizing fairyland.
Darvus let out a long whistle in appreciation while Stannard’s gaze darted from one place to another in wonder.
“It’s beautiful,” Caria sighed.
“Ugh, I spotted my family,” Darvus groaned. “Caria, come on. Let’s greet them now and get it over with.”
As Caria was unwillingly pulled away by her childhood friend, I spotted Emily, dressed in a bright yellow dress that appeared to have some smudges and stains on it, pouring herself a drink near the empty stage. The apprentice artificer looked unbothered by the looks of disdain an disgust from the nobles nearby as she casually finished her drink in a single gulp.
“Emily!” Stannard shouted before I had the chance to call out to her.
“Ah! Little Stannard! Princess!” Emily greeted, waving her empty glass.
I broke down into a fit of laughter at the sight of her, with no regard or care for outward appearance, running awkwardly as she held up her dress.
Emily was breathing heavily by the time she reached us. “Finally, people I know!”
“I didn’t expect to see you here,” I said after greeting my friend with a hug.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“Who do you think was responsible for setting up all of these lighting artifacts?” she rolled her eyes.
“You did all of this?” Stannard exclaimed.
“Well it certainly wasn’t my carefree and lazy master,” she mumbled sourly.
“Is that how you got those stains?” I giggled.
Emily looked down and gasped. “Oh no! I didn’t even notice these! Must’ve been when I was filling in more of the mana-conducting fluid.”
“Hey, Emily. Isn’t that your master over there?” Stannard pointed near the tables where, lo and behold, the master artificer Gideon was alternating between biting into a fowl leg and sipping on a glass of wine.
“Damn old coot,” Emily muttered before stomping after him. “Master Gideon!”
The old artificer choked on the fowl leg he had been consuming at Emily’s loud outcry while the two of us followed after her with our heads down in embarrassment.
“You old bat! After pushing aside all of the work saying you were ‘feeling unwell’, you show up here to drink and eat?” Emily huffed, snatching away the fowl leg Gideon was trying to take another bite of.
“Must you raise your voice so much, dear apprentice? I’m standing right in front of you,” Gideon grumbled, taking a sip from his glass before acknowledging our existence. “Princess Tessia, Stannard… glad to see you two are still alive. That’s always a good thing.”
“It’s been a while.” I greeted back while Stannard bowed respectfully.
Emily let out a defeated sigh as she handed back her master’s food. “You usually don’t care for these sorts of events. What brings you here besides the free food and liquor?”
“I was given a rather interesting task by your grandfather”—he looked at me—“so I’m just killing time until then. Plus, I get to see the one person that I dare say is smarter than me in this entire continent.”
“There’s someone smarter than you, Master Gideon?” Stannard asked, genuinely surprised.
Meanwhile, Emily leaned in, eyes glowing with curiosity. “What’s this task?”
“The princess’ lover boy, Arthur,” Gideon sighed in wonder. “Boy, what I’d give to be able to extract all of the secrets out of that boy’s head.”
“What. Is. The. Task.” Emily pinched her master’s arm.
“It’s. A. Secret.” Gideon mocked back, slapping her away before rubbing his arm.
The eccentric old artificer followed after a butler holding a plate of finger foods, while Emily chased after her master to try and get more information.
So you are going to be here. A faint smile escaped my lips.
“How is that possible?” Stannard muttered to himself. “There’s no way Arthur can be smarter than Master Gideon.”
“If I hadn’t known Arthur since we were both children, I probably wouldn’t believe Gideon either,” I consoled.
As I began following after Emily and her mentor, my gaze drifted toward a gathering crowd by the top of the stairwell where we had first come.
I recognized the head sticking out of the crowd. With his black hair still split down the middle and sharp eyes softened by his thick glasses, it was undeniably the guild hall manager of Xyrus.
“Tessia?” my blond-haired friend called out, snapping me out of my daze.
“Y-Yes? What is it?”
“I just asked you if you wanted to try and look for Darvus and Caria.” His pale blue eyes shifted between me and where I had been staring.
“You go on ahead,” I said, already walking toward the small crowd. “I’ll meet up with you guys later.”
Pushing aside the people gathered, I headed toward the familiar man when my eyes caught sight of the girl my age he and several guards were protecting from the crowd.
“Claire!” I blurted.
The former leader of the disciplinary committee, the one whose state and whereabouts had been kept hidden by the Bladeheart family, was standing in the center where the nobles had gathered.
“Princess Tessia,” Kaspian Bladeheart, Claire’s uncle, greeted.
“It’s been a while,” I acknowledged.
“Uncle, it’s a bit stifling here. Let me get some fresh air with Princess Tessia,” Claire said.
The usually expressionless guild hall manager’s brows furrowed in concern. “But—”
“It’ll be fine.” She gave her uncle a soft smile before pulling me through the crowd.
I remained silent as we made our way to the edge of the roof of the castle, where a small set of stairs led down to a deck overlooking the sky.
Neither of us talked while we leaned against the railing. The medley of noises surrounding the big event were muffled by the whistling of wind against the barrier surrounding us.
“You look great,” I finally said.
I wasn’t lying. Claire was an upperclassman that I, along with many other students, had looked up to at school—always bright and never afraid to take challenges head on. Seeing her today, dressed in an ivory dress with a thin shawl draped over her shoulders, I felt a gentle and calm air had replaced her normally lively and spirited aura. It wasn’t just that, though. I couldn’t quite place my finger on it, but something felt different about her.
“I appreciate it.” She let out a soft chuckle as she smiled faintly. “And I think you’ve probably heard enough how beautiful you look tonight.”
“Mostly by friends and family,” I chuckled back. “Their words are more obligatory than anything else.”
Claire smiled back in amusement but it was quiet between us once again as I swallowed down the questions I, along with so many of the nobles gathered around, wanted to ask.
“I heard that you’re leading a team out on the field,” she said.
“Yes. Although it’s been fairly recent.”
“I’m jealous,” she continued. “You must’ve gotten a lot stronger.”
“Oh no, I still have a lot to learn,” I replied. “I’ve yet to control my beast will completely and my long-range conjuring is a mess since I’ve been focused on getting better with my sword.”
“I see,” she nodded.
“I don’t think I’ve ever told you this, but the Bladeheart techniques played a big part in shaping my swordplay,” I continued. “Speaking of which…”
Noticing my hesitation, she shook her head. “I still practice with the sword every now and then but not nearly as much as before.”
“Are your injuries still…”
She shook her head. “My injuries from Xyrus are mostly healed.”
“That’s great!” I said a little too loudly. “Do you plan on taking part in the war then?”
“No,” she answered flatly.
“Oh.” I was surprised by Claire’s answer. She’d always had a strong sense of justice, which was a big part of why she was selected as the leader of the disciplinary committee. “Did your family not approve because of what happened at school?”
“It’s not that.” She gazed up at the stars surrounding us overhead.
“I don’t understand,” I pressed. “Just a few minutes ago, it seemed like you wanted to take part in the war. And if your family is okay with it and your injuries have gotten better—”
“—My physical injuries have gotten better,” she interrupted, leveling her gaze back at me.
She began removing the straps of her dress, catching me off guard. She turned around, so her back was to me, before lowering her dress to reveal the large scar on her lower back.
While she had other scars from past wounds, none of them compared to the large disfigurement just next to her spine. Lifting her dress, she turned back to me, her expression calloused. “But the one thing the emitters and medics couldn’t fix was my mana core.”
My hand came up to my mouth as I inadvertently let out a sharp gasp. I now realized what had been different about the former disciplinary committee leader. The thing that I couldn’t place my finger on. “Th-Then…”
She nodded, her face masked with an expression that told me she had accepted this long ago. “I can’t use magic anymore.”


Chapter 165

Chapter 165
Chapter 165: Center of Attention
Despite spending a large portion of my life learning how to behave properly—what to say and how to say it in various situations—I was still unable to muster up the appropriate words to respond to Claire.
I could only see any sort of apology or consolation coming off as pitiful or insensitive; after all, how could I dare tell her ‘it’ll be okay’ after complaining about my lack of progress in the one part of her life she’d never be able to get back, let alone improve?
To my surprise, Claire breathed out a soft laugh.
“I’m sorry—it’s just your expression. If I didn’t know better, I would’ve thought you’d just swallowed a bug or something,” she explained, noticing my confusion. “Don’t worry. I’ve pretty much come to terms with it.”
“But still…” I muttered.
“It’s fine,” Claire dismissed, shaking her head. “I’ve already told my uncle this, but I plan on helping out where I can at the Bladeheart Sword Institution my family runs. I figured that training new soldiers could be my way of helping out in this war.”
I didn’t—couldn’t respond. She was the one who almost died and was now unable to practice magic, yet she was the one trying to lift the mood while I stood here, disheartened.
“Claire!” a clear voice suddenly boomed from behind.
The two of us gazed up to see the eldest son of the Glayder family and his sister at the top of the steps. Prince Curtis’s eyes were locked onto Claire, his sharp brows furrowed in concern and frustration. Princess Kathyln, wrapped in a shimmering white dress, though known for being expressionless, had red eyes lined with tears, her delicate pale hands clenched by her sides.
Before Claire could even say a word, the two of them rushed down and embraced their former leader.
“It’s nice seeing you both, too,” Claire puffed, struggling to breathe.
Prince Curtis released Claire, his expression still a mixture of worry and anger. “Do you know how worried all of us were? You being here means you’re okay, right?”
“What happened?” Kathyln added.
I took a seat and watched the three of them catch up. Claire told Curtis and Kathyln the same story she’d told me. Seeing their faces darken, I imagined that I must’ve looked very similar to them now.
Just like me, Curtis froze, unable to form a response after Claire revealed her inability to manipulate mana. However, to my surprise, Kathyln spoke up.
“You’re very strong,” she responded.
She lifted her watery gaze and locked eyes with her former leader. “I think that being able to overcome such a huge obstacle and move forward with a smile says much more about you than the color of a mana core ever will.”
Stunned at her powerful words. I shifted my gaze to see that Claire had stiffened from the princess’s response.
Tears began rolling down her cheeks. “Huh?”
Surprised at her state, Claire hurriedly wiped them away with her palms but the tears refused to stop. “Th-This is embarrassing. I can’t believe I’m crying now.”
My chest throbbed, watching her cry as Princess Kathyln embraced her once again. Curtis turned to me and dipped his head but otherwise, the two of them remained silent.
Claire’s sniffles soon turned to chuckles as she laughed at her own state. “Look at me. I was barely presentable before, and now I’m a teary, snotty mess!”
“Who are you trying to be presentable for?” I teased, eliciting a laugh out of the three of them. Like that, the ice had melted and I walked to them.
“Princess Tessia,” Curtis smiled as he nodded politely. “I apologize for not greeting you right away.”
“Princess Tessia,” Kathyln echoed, dipping her head.
“No problem.” I smiled back. “And we should be able to be a bit more comfortable with each other considering we were once schoolmates. Right, Curtis, Kathyln?”
“You’re right,” Curtis grinned. “And yes, it has been a while, Tessia.”
“It’s nice seeing you again,” Kathyln said with a smile so faint that I’d almost mistaken it for a twitch.
The three of us eventually settled around a patio table nearby. I wasn’t particularly close to them but all four of us had a mutual friend that helped us quickly bond: Arthur.
The three of them had much to say about my childhood friend and soon enough, we were sharing laughs about stories involving him.
“He always seems so put together and mature,” Claire chuckled. “And then I spot him doing weird things, like fighting over the meat on his plate with his bond at the cafeteria.”
“Tell me about it. I’ve known him for more than a decade and I still can’t always put my finger on what he’s thinking,” I sighed.
“What was Arthur like when he was younger?” Kathyln asked.
I had to think for a moment before answering. “I remember him being much colder. He kept his distance from everyone. Even during the times we laughed together and teased each other, there always seemed to be some restraint on his part. Of course, I had no clue back then, but looking back now, Arthur has come a long way as a decent person.”
“There’ve been moments when I was truly jealous of him though,” Curtis admitted, scratching his cheek in embarrassment.
“He’s certainly someone most guys would be jealous of when it comes to magic and fighting, but he’s rather lacking in other aspects,” I replied.
“And what aspects might that be?” Claire grinned deviously. “Is it perhaps knowing the female heart?”
“I didn’t have a specific aspect in mind!” I looked away, hoping the evening sky would mask my burning cheeks.
Claire turned her head to the quiet princess. “Your most fearsome rival in love can’t even admit to her feelings, Kathyln.”
“What? Rival in love?” Curtis exclaimed, turning to his sister as well. “Who? Arthur?”
The princess’s once pale face turned such a bright shade of red, I feared she might pass out. “N-No. I mean, it doesn’t matter. I think Arthur suits Princess Tessia much more.”
“That won’t do!” Claire continued to tease. “You can’t give up without a fight.”
Curtis jumped in, lecturing his sister about how she’s too young to date, while Kathyln denied all accusations made by Claire, taking quick peeks at me.
I smiled along, but I also took a long look at the princess sitting across from me. Large, dark eyes with long, thick lashes on a face so small you could cover it with one hand. Milky complexion and such a small, delicate body that even I wanted to protect. On top of the fact that she was an extremely gifted deviant conjurer, she had no flaws.
I wonder if Arthur prefers the cute, reserved type.
“Tessia?”
I snapped out of my daze at the sound of Curtis’s voice. “Ah, sorry. I was thinking of something else.”
“It’s okay. I was just curious where Arthur was. I haven’t seen him anywhere around here”
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“I saw him this morning,” I answered. “He was still recovering so I didn’t think he’d make it to the event but it turns out he will.”
“Arthur got hurt?” Kathyln blurted, surprising her brother and Claire.
I nodded. “He’s okay now. Supposedly, it was a blunder on his part, but I feel like they’re not telling me everything.”
“Arthur isn’t the type to make a blunder during a fight,” Curtis noted. “I wonder what happened.”
Claire let out a deep breath. “You know… I really have come to terms with my injury, but if there’s one thing I regret, it’s being unable to fight by Arthur’s side during this war.”
“I’m curious as to what he’d be like too. If he’s anything like how he was during the incident at Xyrus, I know it’d be worth it,” Curtis said.
Memories of when the soldiers and I found Arthur atop the mountain of corpses still sent chills down my spine. It was a part of Arthur I wouldn’t mind not seeing ever again.
We continued our conversations until it had become apparent by the drastic increase in noise level that something was going on.
“I think it’s about time we went back to the main hall,” Claire suggested, getting up. The rest of us began following her up the steps when she suddenly came to a stop.
“What’s wrong?” I called out as she stood rigidly at the top of the stairs, but my concern had been answered by the time we reached her.
Donning an elegant set of armor composed only of a pauldron and greaves made of mithril was the Lance Zero, Varay Aurae. Traditions that dated back to when the receivers of these legendary artifacts operated in the shadows forced them to be regarded only by their aliases.
After these bestowees were made public as lances, these ‘code names’ were rarely used, but I always thought that they were kind of cool.
“Master.” Kathyln immediately bowed.
“General Varay,” I greeted.
“Good evening.” she nodded, switching her gaze from Kathyln to her brother and back to me. “I’m here to escort you three during the event. Of course, Miss Bladeheart is welcome to join.”
“Claire. Are you okay?” I asked, shaking her gently.
Taking a step back, she turned to me with a wry smile. “Y-Yeah, it’s just that since I can’t use mana anymore, General Varay’s aura—even suppressed—paralyzed me for a second. I’m fine now,” she hurriedly added, seeing the concerned expressions on all three of our faces.
We continued walking, but my thoughts shifted back to Claire and all of the things that she was now incapable of doing that we had all taken for granted.
“Even in a place like this, they stand out,” a voice murmured a few feet away, pulling me away from my thoughts.
“You really have to put them at a whole different standard,” another voice whispered, this time closer. “And here I thought the girls at Kalberk were pretty.”
“You’re into those prim and proper ladies?” his friend replied. “I’ve heard that the girls down at Blackbend are more ‘willing,’ if you know what I mean.”
His friend hid a snicker behind a gloved fist but immediately petrified when he realized my eyes were on him. I suppressed the urge to rebuke them; I probably would’ve done so in a volume that everyone could hear in the past, but this wasn’t anything new nor worth causing a scene over. Besides, my glare seemed enough to shut him up for now.
Needless to say, walking alongside General Varay with Curtis, Kathyln and the mysterious child of the Bladeheart family that had never been seen after the Xyrus incident until now, heads turned left and right. Looking around, I could see men of noble households nudging their companions, trying to be discreet the same way the girls tried to be discreet while they ogled Curtis.
I had to admit that, while he and Darvus wore very similar styles of clothing, the two couldn’t look more different. While Darvus—with his hair slicked back and attire ornamented with a bit too much gold—looked more like an overdressed thug than a noble, there was no doubt for anyone here that Curtis was royalty.
Walking through the hall filled with staring nobles, I was grateful to have General Varay by our side. Even the more bold nobles didn’t dare step in our direction with a lance beside us.
Claire leaned toward me. “How do you guys get used to getting this much attention? It’s absolutely nerve-wracking.”
I smiled and whispered back. “Just don’t trip over your own feet.”
“Great.” She looked down. “Now, I’m conscious of my own walking.”
Arriving near the front of the stage, I caught sight of my parents along with the rest of the Council seated against the wall when the entire hall suddenly darkened.
Gasps of surprise and mutters of confusion erupted. While I wasn’t able to enhance my vision like augmenters could, assimilating with the elderwood guardian had greatly improved my senses to the point where I could even see that the members of the Council were trading puzzled glances at one another.
The noise inside the hall slowly died down, as most had begun to assume that this was part of the event, until only the soft ruffling of clothes could be heard.
Footsteps echoed on top of the wooden stage, creating even more suspense amongst the guests until an illuminating artifact floating above the stage shined a pillar of light at the stage to reveal my grandfather.
“Thank you all for waiting!” his sharp voice rang with authority, evoking applause from the nobles, but I could only groan in embarrassment.
Everyone seemed to love the theatrics but I found them tacky. My grandfather, the person with highest authority in Dicathen during this war, had certainly dressed for the part. With a rich burgundy robe embellished with gold trimming and gleaming black jewels. Even his hair seemed to shimmer like pearls—most likely with the help of the lighting—as he stood straight with his hands folded behind him.
After the applause died down, my grandfather spoke. “First, let me apologize to everyone here. I know that little was said about the purpose of this event. This was done intentionally—not for security and certainly not for safety. No, this was done for the sake of surprising each and every person here today.”
Heads turned as nobles looked to one another in confusion, making sure that they had heard right.
“Yes, you all heard correctly,” he chuckled. “Some positive news in the form of a surprise is something we all need in these times of duress.”
Murmurs of agreement sounded from those around us.
“So… as I’ve kept you all waiting enough, allow me to present to you our first step toward victory in this war! We have come today to commend the one responsible for eradicating a central power of the enemy side—a retainer!” My grandfather stepped to the side as a whirring noise resounded from below. The stage split in half as gruesome figure clad in a tomb of ice was raised.
The nobles closest to the stage all took several steps back out of fear, some of the weaker ones even stumbling.
Falling into a stupor as I gazed at the Vritra, I felt someone tugging on my arm. Looking back, I saw Claire barely managing to stay standing as her face turned deadly white. “Claire?”
I hurriedly grabbed ahold of my friend, keeping her upright by her waist. “Do you want to go further back?”
“No.” She shook her head. “I need to be able to at least endure this much.”
It pained me to see someone I had once looked up to be so helpless, but I let her be and turned back toward the stage. For a being to be able to emanate such a noxious aura even after death, I could only imagine how strong it must’ve been.
When I first saw that the Vritra had been encased in ice, and to such a degree that I felt its chill from back here, my gaze unconsciously turned to General Varay, but she looked as stunned as everyone else in the room.
And her gaze wasn’t fixed on the disfigured monster.
I looked back to the stage to see another person coming from the back, hidden in the shadows behind the column of light shining down at the retainer encased in ice.
And while I should’ve come to expect something like this after all these years, I didn’t. Just like General Varay and everyone else in this hall, I was stunned as Arthur stepped into view for everyone to see.


Chapter 166

Chapter 166
Chapter 166: Meaning
Everyone in the hall held their breath, silently waiting for Arthur to speak as he came into view.
He stood wordlessly and surveyed the outdoor gallery from atop the stage. Every person present seemed to ingrain the image of Arthur in their minds the moment he had reached the spotlight.
I had seen my childhood friend just hours before, so I was even more stunned by how different he looked compared to when I was with him then. His long auburn hair was tied loosely in a knot behind his head, held together by an ornamental pin. Rather than the usual formal attire of humans, he wore a silky decorative robe like us elves. However, unlike our traditional garb, the loose sleeves of his robe just barely went past his elbows, revealing thin tight-fitting gloves that covered his entire arms. Completing his refined ensemble of clothing was a rich fur pelt, as white as snow, slung over one shoulder.
It hadn’t been too long since he had appeared in front of the world, adorned in an extravagant armor that dazzled everyone who had come to watch. Yet, seeing him up there within the column of light in his elegant attire, he didn’t just seem dazzling. He radiated an otherworldliness that I had only felt when I saw Master Aldir.
Distracted by his transformation, I only realized when Arthur turned his head, peering deeply at the Vritra retainer encased in ice, that the red burns that had scarred his neck were no longer visible.
He turned back to face us before talking, his voice coming out low and steady. “Displaying a corpse as some sort of trophy or keepsake for the masses to gawk at is something I deeply disapprove of, but the people attending this event tonight aren’t part of the masses. Each noble here has workers, civilians and inhabitants in your lands that wait impatiently for news regarding this war, and until now, vague assumptions and baseless theories were the only things you could give them.”
Arthur paused, but the crowd remained quiet, faithfully waiting for him to speak again. “Born from a humble background, I was able to climb to where I am now thanks to my family as well as the friends I met along the way. I am now a lance, the youngest one at that, but I’m not the strongest. The lances out there, some who are fighting battles as we speak, are echelons above me in power, yet even I was able to defeat a retainer, one of the so-called ‘highest powers’ of the Alacryan army.”
As Arthur paused once more and excited murmurs began sounding from the crowd, I realized that these halts in his speech were intentional. He was a year younger than me, and with his background, he had been neither taught nor prepared for things like speeches or social intricacies, yet he was able to utilize every breath, word, break and motion to perfectly take control of the crowd.
“As you can see. I’ve sustained no injuries from my battle with this supposedly-powerful force and am healthy enough to chatter on like this amongst a crowd of nobles,” he smiled, eliciting chuckles from everyone around me.
Placing one of his gloved hands on the tomb of ice, he shifted his gaze to where the Council was seated. “This symbol is not only my offering to the Council who has granted me with this role, but also a gift that I hope you all can take home and spread to your people—figuratively, of course.”
Cheers and laughs erupted after Arthur bowed, signalling the end of his speech. The illuminating artifacts turned back on as Arthur left the stage and my grandfather came back up.
“Please feel free to get a closer look at the Vritra, and I hope you enjoy the rest of the evening.” With that, a few guards replaced my grandfather on stage as the Council came up first.
While they tried to hide their astonishment, It was obvious by their expressions that it really was their first time seeing the corpse as well. I watched as my parents as well as Curtis and Kathyln’s parents studied the frozen tomb. Only the dwarven elder named Rahdeas kept his distance, his expression subtly strained.
“Princess Tessia, would you like me to take you to the corpse?” General Varay asked, a rare hint of anticipation in her sharp eyes.
Not wanting to disappoint the lance, Curtis, Kathyln, Claire and I followed her toward the stage where more and more nobles began surrounding the frozen Vritra.
Reaching the front of the premises where the soldiers stood guard, I examined the corpse inside. It was hard for me to look at the Vritra for too long though. Physical attribute-wise, it—she—looked human, but staring at the two hollowed cavities where her eyes should’ve been filled me with a fear that couldn’t be blocked by mana.
Seeing Varay stare intently at all angles of the Vritra with her hands moving along the ice tomb as Claire studied the corpse wearily, I suddenly remembered.
“Claire.” I gently tugged on her sleeve. “Wait right here! Let me go get Arthur!”
“What? Tessia, no—”
Ignoring Claire, I quickly made my way to the back of the stage behind the curtains.
“This area is off”—a female guard stationed behind the stage retreated a few steps—“Princess Tessia?”
I smiled, quickly making up an excuse. “My grandfather is expecting me to meet with him.”
The guard shifted her gaze over toward the narrow staircase beside her. “General Arthur and Commander Virion had ordered no one to go down these stairs, even the rest of the Council,” she replied hesitantly.
“I know. They told me not to tell the Council that I’m here as well,” I lied. “Now please, both of them are expecting me.”
She thought once more for a moment but stepped aside with a nod, motioning for me to go down.
I didn’t thank her—that would’ve been suspicious. I just nodded back and headed down the staircase that was wide enough for only one person at a time.
The staircase seemed to spiral down endlessly. If it wasn’t for the slight nuances in each of the illuminating artifacts’ designs, I would’ve thought that there was some sort of illusory magic at work.
I quieted my steps with wind magic as I went deeper down the stairs. I knew what I was doing was wrong—even if it was just Arthur and my grandfather—but I was too curious to find out what these important matters were and why they needed to even keep them a secret from the Council.
Once I got close enough to hear faint voices muttering behind closed doors, I withdrew my magic before walking down a few more steps. Both Grandpa and Arthur were freakishly sensitive to mana fluctuations, so if I wanted to eavesdrop, I had to rely on just my hearing. Thankfully, because of my enhanced senses after my beast will’s assimilation, I was able to make out what they were saying, and from the sound of it, the artificer Gideon was there as well.
“Don’t push yourself, brat,” my grandfather grunted.
“I’m fine. I didn’t need to use magic so it’s just physical fatigue more than anything else,” Arthur replied, his voice sounding weak compared to how it sounded up on stage. “This paste around my neck is rather stifling though.”
“Best not touch it or the substance will wear off more quickly,” Gideon muttered. “You wouldn’t want your scars showing during the party.”
Arthur let out what I could barely make out as a sigh. “Right, I still have to go back out there.”
“Of course you do. You’re the star of the event,” Grandpa replied. “Your speech was convincing enough, though, so it might not be necessary for you to stay until the end.”
“Good. Gideon, how did the recording go?” Arthur asked.
“It was a hassle trying to capture the images at the exact moments you specified since there’s still a bit of a delay between the moment I press the trigger and when the shot is taken—hold on, let me take note of that so I can fix it.”
“Focus, Gideon,” Arthur snapped, his voice impatient.
“I know you just had your legs forcefully torn into a mess and barely put back together but that’s no excuse for being grumpy with me,” Gideon grumbled. “Anyway, I was able to capture the images of Rahdeas’ face when Virion first announced the Vritra, then when Arthur first came into view, and when Arthur said he had sustained no injuries,” Gideon noted.
“Here, let me see that,” my grandfather said. “What’s Rahdeas looking at in this picture?”
“Not what, who,” Arthur answered. “He’s looking at General Varay, who was in the crowd. I suggested to Tessia’s father that we have the lance look after the royal children.”
“So Rahdeas thought that General Varay was the one who killed the Vritra?” Gideon asked.
“Wait. Is that why you froze the retainer’s corpse? To get him to think that it was Varay?” My grandfather cut in, his voice sounding surprised.
“I wanted him to think that the strongest lance was responsible for killing one of the strongest forces in the Alacryan army before it was revealed that I killed him,” Arthur explained.
“You always have a few tricks up your sleeves, don’t you?” my grandfather chuckled.
“Look at Rahdeas face when he first saw the Vritra come up encased in ice. He’s surprised and looks immediately over toward Varay,” the artificer pointed out. “Then look at the image of him after Arthur comes into view and then when he announced how he, the weakest of the lances, had kicked the retainer’s ass without sustaining an injury.”
“There are shock and anger,” my grandfather noted. “Most would be surprised and progressively grow happier to learn that the supposed weakest is stronger than one of the Alacryan powerhouses.”
“This still doesn’t prove that Rahdeas is actively helping the Alacryans, but this does give us a good idea on his stance is on all of this,” Arthur added. “We’ll know for sure in the next battle when…”
Arthur’s voice trailed off. I couldn’t hear any of them anymore.
<em>Lord Rahdeas is helping out the Alacryans?</em>
I needed to hear more. Just what was Arthur planning in this next battle?
I inched down a few more steps to get closer but I still couldn’t hear them.
Damn it. I knew it was risky, but I decided to take the chance and hope that Arthur’s weakened state would allow me to use just a tiny bit of magic when a sudden surge of mana erupted from down below. I covered my face with my arms on instinct.
“So we had a little mouse.” My stomach sank as I realized Arthur’s voice was just inches away from me.
“Surprise,” I said weakly.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>ARTHUR LEYWIN</strong></span>
I smirked back at my childhood friend as she mustered a smile. Virion, who followed behind me, let out a sigh as he realized it was his own granddaughter that had been eavesdropping.
“You know, boy’s don’t like girls who snoop around like this,” Gideon chuckled.
Tess’ gaze flickered to me before looking away. “I-I wasn’t snooping. I came back here to look for Arthur and the guard let me in rather easily.”
“Yes, I’m sure the guard did,” Virion replied before he cast a barrier around the four of us. “Now how much did you hear?”
“Enough,” she answered, her expression turning serious. “Is Lord Rahdeas really…”
“We’re not sure yet,” I cut in. “It’s too soon to assume or act on any of the information we’ve gathered so far.”
Her gaze fell, downcast. “I see.”
“Is there anything else we need to go over, Virion?” I looked back over my shoulder at the old elf.
“I think we’ve shaken up Rahdeas enough. Good work today, brat,” Virion responded with a nod.
I turned back to my friend. “Then would you like to accompany me for the rest of the event?”
She was taken aback at first but her lips curled up into a bright smile. “Sure!”
Going back up the stairs, we were greeted by lively music and laughter along with the frequent clink of glass.
“The mood sure turned festive,” I noted when Tessia causally linked her arm around mine.
“If I don’t do this, every nobleman within eyeshot will try to either ask me for a dance or a drink together,” she explained, looking the other way.
“<em>Every</em> nobleman, huh?” I stressed. “My meek childhood friend has sure turned confident.”
She tightened her grip around me, pinching my arm as she waved to nearby nobles that greeted her.
Unable to express my pain with so many eyes watching, I casually leaned toward her, prying her fingers off of my arm as I whispered, “Same old Tessia, resorting to violence, I see.”
“It’s because only violence seems to work on someone as slow as you, General, ” she replied with a feigned smile.
As we walked through the large open venue of the party, I was greeted left and right by nobles from cities far away and despite her childish antics, Tess was a big help throughout the night. She pointed out notable guests that I should greet and share a drink with and others who would be plenty satisfied with just a sincere greeting.
While I had experience in events like this in my former life, I knew very little of the politics involving the three kingdoms. Tess, on the other hand, knew exactly who was important and what sort of personalities they had. Subtly leading the conversation and keeping it brief while making sure not to offend them, Tess made my night much easier.
Perhaps the only downside to having her beside me was the occasional glare and pinching of skin whenever she caught me sending a smile back to nearby ladies that greeted me.
I guess courtesy should only be extended to the members of society outside of the potential dating range.
“Brother!” Ellie called out from the crowd.
Looking around, I caught sight of her excitedly waving her arm amidst a group of friends. Even from here I could see the glimmering bracelet embedded with the pink beast core of a phoenix wyrm I had gotten for both her and Mother. Waving back, I walked over to them when my sister unexpectedly wrapped her arms around my waist.
“Ellie?” I said, startled as Tess chuckled beside me.
“H-H-He really is your brother!” a pig-tailed girl in a puffy dress stammered as she tugged on Ellie’s sleeve.
“Girls, I’d like you all to meet my brother, and Princess Tessia,” she announced, puffing her chest as she linked her arms around my other arm.
“It’s an honor, General Arthur! Princess Tessia!” a curly-haired girl in a overly-embellished white dress greeted.
“You were so cool up there, General Arthur!” another girl exclaimed, inching closer to us. “Is it true that you got no injuries at all when you defeated the retainer?”
Looking at the sparkling gazes from the little girls, I suddenly felt embarrassed.
“Although he looks this pretty and fragile, he’s actually one of the strongest mages in all of Dicathen,” Tess answered for me.
“You’re so lucky to have him as your brother,” a small girl with bobbed hair and a cute frilly dress sighed. “My oldest brother wasn’t able to get into Xyrus so he’s going to some no name academy in Carn City while my father sent my second brother to fight in the war after causing trouble with another noble’s daughter.”
I watched silently as my sister resumed gossiping with her friends. It was relieving to see her laugh and smile as opposed to shedding tears over my injuries and our parents being far away.
Giving my sister another hug, Tess and I walked away from her group.
“It’s funny how my sister always finds the need to introduce me to everyone she knows,” I smiled. “Even on her seventh birthday party at the Helstea Manor, she told every one of her little friends.”
“She just wants to show off her older brother,” Tess giggled, lightly holding onto my arm. “Even girls her age love to gossip and brag about what they have, and for Ellie, her one and only brother is a great source of pride.”
“Well, I’m just glad she seems to be surrounded by girls.”
“I’m sure your sister is pretty popular with the boys,” Tessia teased.
I froze, glancing back at my sister and her friends, only to see a small group of noble boys approaching them.
Tess tugged on my arm. “Come now, don’t be overbearing.”
My eyes shifted toward the back of the venue, where a large brown bear was gnawing on a thick bone. Feeling my gaze, my sister’s bond stared at me with intelligent eyes. I jerked my head, pointing toward Ellie and her group.
Boo turned, and after noticing the group of boys, nodded once.
I nodded back.
He knew what had to be done.
“What are you doing?” Tess asked.
I turned back and continued walking just in time to hear a loud growl and the frightened screams of little boys behind me. “Nothing.”
After greeting a few more nobles, I slumped down on a chair. My legs were on the verge of shaking, but I was still pleased at how much they’d healed.
I looked up to see Tess searching for someone, stretching her neck as she tiptoed to see past the crowd.
“Wait here,” she blurted, immediately bolting off into the crowd. After some time, I spotted her walking back with General Varay beside her, a downcast look on her face.
“General,” I greeted, getting up from my seat.
“General,” she echoed tersely, her eyes examining me.
“I’m so sorry, Arthur,” Tess suddenly apologized. “General Varay said she left. She didn’t want to see you.”
“What are you talking about?” I replied. “Who didn’t want to see me?”
Tess let out a sigh. “Claire Bladeheart. She was here today.”


Chapter 167

Chapter 167
Chapter 167: The Confidence To...
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“How many troops do you need?” King Blaine asked as we all looked down at the detailed map spread across the round table.
“Three—no—two divisions should suffice,” I answered.
“General Arthur. The western coast is where we need to be allocating most of our forces,” Rahdeas countered, placing his finger near Etistin and Telmore City. “Sending nearly twenty-thousand troops up north will make this area too vulnerable.”
“I have to agree with Elder Rahdeas,” King Alduin added. “There are several battles near the coast that have been going on for days. Withdrawing even a single division would tip the balance in their favor.”
Queen Priscilla, rolled the transmission scroll she’d been reading. “We are still evacuating civilians from both Telmore and Etistin. If forces on the coast are withdrawn, our troops will be pushed back and the battles will take place in the cities.”
“Commander, we can perhaps send some elven troops stationed near Asyphin City down toward the edge of the border, but two divisions seem feasible,” Queen Merial advised, brows knitted in concern.
Virion, seated in front of me, lifted his gaze to all the lances standing upright behind their respective artifact holders. “Generals? What do you think?”
“The brat—General Arthur’s vague suspicion based on loose evidence of what ‘he saw’ doesn’t justify sacrificing a city or two,” General Bairon near spat out.
“Bairon’s nasty tone aside, he makes a good point,” said Mica, the female dwarven lance that looked no older than my sister. “Moving that many troops a few hundred miles will take time, even with the help of teleportation gates.”
“General Aya? General Varay? General Olfred?” Virion asked. “Do you all agree?”
General Olfred, the oldest of the lances, nodded. “It is too much of a risk.”
“Sorry, General,” the elven lance whispered beside me before speaking up. “I also agree that it isn’t wise.”
We all looked to Varay, the only other lance that I wouldn’t be confident in defeating.
“If General Arthur’s claim is true, it’d be the right choice to send that many troops—if not more—up north,” the lance answered curtly.
It was surprising to have General Varay’s support, but it worked against me in this case. However, Virion took advantage of her words to bring along the idea that I really wanted to go with.
“General Varay is right in that, if what General Arthur claims is true, troops need to be sent. After all, there has only been one sighting of a retainer since the war started—if retainer and a scythe were leading this next attack, the damages would be catastrophic without appropriate measures.”
Everyone nodded in agreement.
“Therefore,” Virion paused, shifting his eyes from one lance to another, “I propose we send two lances along with General Arthur to investigate whether or not there really is going to be a major attack led by a retainer and a scythe up north.”
The rest of the council immediately glanced at one another, waiting for someone to come up with a reason against it.
“Commander.” King Blaine spoke up. “The lances are the center figures for the divisions out in battle right now. With them gone for too long, morale will decrease and if a retainer or scythe show up in battle—”
“King Glayder,” Virion interrupted, his sharp stare piercing through the human king. “Why do you think the lances have refrained from partaking in most of the battles so far?”
The red-haired king remained silent.
“It’s quite simple. It’s not worth it,” Virion continued. “Large-scale destructive spells cast by any of our lances would kill not just their army but our own as well. Even if we had everyone retreat, this is home ground. Land will be destroyed and uninhabitable. Even if the lances withheld their power and helped the soldiers out on the field with sword in hand, there will still be casualties and deaths on top of the risk of attracting the Alacryan’s retainers or scythes.
“Always keep in mind when fighting that our citizens have to live on this land. The goal is to win this war, but also to preserve as much of our cities as possible.” Virion’s authoritative gaze shifted from one king or queen to another, directing this lesson to everyone present in this room. “With that being said, if sending two lances is all it takes to avoid a large-scale battle with both scythes and retainers fighting on the other side, then I’d say it’s a small price to pay. Our troops can go a few days without their leaders holding their hands.”
Although expressions of reluctance were evident on the leaders’ faces, they slowly nodded in agreement.
Virion clasped his hands together with a smile. “Good, now which two lances will accompany Arthur on this investigation up north?”
A thin hand rose from across the table. “While Lord Aldir is the artifact holder for my two lances, since he is not here I think it’s safe to assume that I can volunteer to send them with Arthur.”
I resisted the urge to smile at the turn of events. Everything was going as I had planned.
Virion played it cool as well, appearing as though he was pondering Rahdeas’ decision.
“Indeed! Since Lord Aldir is not present, I think it’s only natural to have the dwarven lances under Elder Rahdeas’ command,” King Blaine seconded.
“The battles are occurring in Sapin so I agree that sending General Olfred and General Mica would be an ideal option,” Queen Merial added.
Virion slowly nodded, as if almost reluctant. “Very well, General Olfred and General Mica, temporarily under Elder Rahdeas’ command, shall head up north with General Arthur to investigate the possibility a retainer and scythe are planning an attack.”
Both the dwarven lances bowed respectfully as did I.
“This is a reconnaissance mission, but I leave the situation to your best judgement. Priority is to not alert enemies, especially if a retainer or scythe is present. If circumstances permit a realistic chance in averting a full-scale battle, you may engage. Remember, our priority is to keep the battle away from civilians,” Virion added. “Prepare to leave tomorrow, sunrise. Rest of the lances, dismissed.”
Walking through the dim hall outside of the meeting room, I let out a deep breath. I had always hated meetings like these, always tense and full of roundabout ways to say no or give a reason not to do something that’d hinder your own gains. While the Council appeared to be a unified front of leaders from all three races, deep-rooted ideals and selfishness toward their own kingdom were more apparent than anything else. King Glayder, who had been too afraid to act out since Aldir had threatened him after killing the Greysunders for their betrayal, had become more outspoken. Only with Virion there did the Council function even remotely well.
While Virion and I got the end result we had wanted, this was just the beginning. I scratched at my neck; Gideon’s concealing bandage made my skin itch profusely but I couldn’t take it off until I was alone. The trick to appear unharmed worked during the event a few hours ago, and I had somewhat enjoyed the rest of the evening but one thing weighed heavily on my mind. Claire had been at the party; she had seen me.
She had seen me, yet she didn’t want me to see her. I hadn’t seen her since Xyrus, and the last sight of her I remembered was her being impaled. I tried to think of reasons why she would avoid me, but the sound of footsteps behind me snapped me back to reality.
“Looks like we’ll be on a mission together!” a high voice sounded several paces behind.
“General Mica, General Olfred,” I greeted politely, turning to them.
“Just call me Mica,” the childish dwarf smiled while General Olfred simply nodded in acknowledgment.
“I’d prefer to keep formalities,” I gently refused. “You are my seniors as lances, after all.”
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“At least the boy knows some manners despite his meager upbringing,” General Olfred said with a raised brow.
<i>Boy, we’re really going to get along. </i>
The only real impression I had of General Olfred was when I had first been taken to the floating castle after the incident at Xyrus Academy. He had saved me back then from Lucas’ brother, General Bairon. However, that was simply because he was following orders.
“Well, if you’ll excuse me. I should get some rest for the long journey tomorrow.” I dipped my head before turning back to the main staircase.
Walking up to the residential floors, I probed Sylvie’s mind to see whether she was awake. Seeing that my bond was deep in slumber, I took a small detour.
Reaching the room at the end of the hall, I knocked on the thick wooden door.
“Coming,” Tessia’ voice called out.
The door slid open without a single creak and on the other side was Tess. She was dressed in sleepwear but her hair still dripping with water.
“You’re la—Arthur?” Tess gasped. “What are you doing here?”
“Sorry,” I smiled. “Were you expecting someone?”
“Y-Yeah, Caria was supposed to come over. Arthur, what’s wrong?” she asked, noticing my blank gaze.
“Nothing. You just look different from when you were at the event.”
Tess wrapped a towel around her head as she scowled at me. “Wow! Thanks for pointing that out!”
Realizing my mistake, I quickly shook my head. “No, I meant that in a good way. You look more like the Tessia I spent three years with back then.”
“You need to work on your flattery skills,” she sighed. “Wait no, actually. Don’t work on them.”
I let out a chuckle. “Do you want to take a little walk with me?”
After putting on a thin robe over her sleepwear, she followed me down the hall toward the balcony where my sister had set up her target planks. Neither of us talked on the way there as we stood side by side. Unlike at the event, our arms weren’t linked but it somehow felt more intimate.
We reached the grassy terrace surrounded by trees but continued walking until we were at the very edge. Sitting against the thick trunk of a nearby tree, I stared out at the night sky. The clouds below us moved slowly, dimly lit by the large moon overhead.
“The stars are beautiful,” I admired. Coming from a world where brightly lit cities masked the stars, being able to see such a serene spectacle was a blessing I had come to appreciate.
“It’s quiet nights like these that I sometimes wonder if there really is a war happening down below us,” Tess said softly. “I sometimes come out here and imagine that the clouds below us are the ocean and I’m floating aimlessly on a boat. Childish, right?”
“I think you have the right to be a little childish at times,” I said. “You’re a head of an entire unit now. You’re responsible for the lives that you lead and that’ll never be an easy burden to carry, no matter how much experience you gain.”
“You say that as if you’ve been one,” she replied, bringing her knees close to her chest. “You’re technically a general but the lances don’t really lead the soldiers.”
“You’re right, and in that regard I have it much easier. The main duty of a lance is to single-handedly overpower an opposing enemy of their caliber.” I turned to my childhood friend. “Which brings me to why I wanted to see you.”
“Does it have something to do with what you talked about with Grandpa and Gideon?”
“Was it that obvious?”
“You’re not the type to do something as sentimental as this without reason. You either have to go away for a long time, do something dangerous again, or both,” she pointed out.
I let out a chuckle. “Am I that much of an open book?”
“You’re more like an open chapter,” Tess smiled. “There are some parts that are so obvious yet there are times when I feel like I don’t know you at all.”
“Such as?”
She shook her head. “Well, for one thing, I want to know how you’re such an expert at everything you choose to do—what’s your secret?”
“Secret?”
“Magic, fighting, artificing, giving speeches—hell, even espionage and military strategy,” she listed off. “I know complaining how it’s unfair won’t do anything. I’m just curious.”
I held back my tongue. The temptation to reveal everything about my past life to Tess had been growing each time I saw her, but now wasn’t the time. “I just read a lot of books when I was younger.”
“I don’t know what I expected.” Her gaze was full of doubt but she didn’t question me any further.
“Tess. I don’t know why you’re in such a hurry, but you’re doing fine,” I comforted.
“It’s just frustrating,” she smiled wearily.
“Frustrating?”
“I try my best to catch up to you. My mana core is just a half-step behind yours, I’m a beast tamer just like you and I’ve studied under some of the best teachers in the continent as well as an asura—just like you. Yet, I feel like the closer I am to reaching you, the farther you slip away from my grasp.”
“Tess…”
“Just promise me you’ll return back safely.” She gently ran her finger across my neck where my scar had settled. The bandage that I had applied to hide the unsightly mark began peeling off from Tess’ water spell. “I don’t care how many scars you come back with, as long as you’re in one piece and you’re breathing.”
I could feel my face beginning to burn at her words. I tried to think of something to distract ourselves when I thought back to our argument in front of Cynthia Goodsky’s grave. Both then and now, she had gotten worked up about the same thing. “Why is it so important for you to catch up to me, Tess?”
For a moment, the world around us was quiet as she stared off into the night sky. “Because only then will I have the confidence to tell you that I love you again.”
Before I could even process her words, Tess turned to face me once more. Her gaze softened as she gave me a smile so genuinely sweet, with a tinge of shyness that a sudden warmth rushed through me.


Chapter 168

Chapter 168
Chapter 168: View From the Sky
OLFRED WAREND
It didn’t surprise me when Elder Rahdeas came to visit me, telling me how he had brought home an infant human boy. I was familiar with his kindness; I, too, had been a recipient of his goodwill after all.
He had taken me away from the cruel streets of the upper caverns, giving me food and shelter in his own home. Treating me as if I were his blood, he taught me to read and write and, after finding out my natural inclination toward magic, even taught me the basics of mana manipulation. But even then, I was cautious. Growing up without a home or family taught one to be suspicious of everyone.
There was always a nagging thought that maybe this man was just nurturing me to sell me off one day. However, that wasn’t the case. Years passed happily and my suspicions had long since evaporated—I had come to consider myself his son.
After graduating as one of the top conjurers in Earthborn Institute, located in the capital city of Vildoral, I had been selected to be one of the trainees to become a guard of the royal family.
The Greysunders were greedy and looked down on their entire race, always discontent with how they were perceived—inferior to the humans and elves. But I served the king and queen faithfully and with the highest respect; that is what Rahdeas taught me.
After decades of serving the royal family faithfully, talk of choosing the next two lances came to light and I had become one of the candidates. At first, I had planned to drop out of the private tournament; if I had wanted my life bound to someone, it would be to no one but Rahdeas.
Rahdeas had respected this decision until the day he brought home the boy he named Elijah. Without giving me any detail of how he came across a human infant, Rahdeas urged me to become a lance that would serve the royal family faithfully. I argued, saying the Greysunders were not the ones I wished to chain my life to, but Rahdeas assured, with utmost confidence, that it would only be temporary and that I would be bound to him in the end.
I had learned from serving as a guard for the royal family that the Greysunders had been in power since the creation of Darv, yet Rahdeas was somehow able to guarantee otherwise.
He was the man I respected as a father and savior. Even if I disobeyed the king, I wouldn’t disobey Rahdeas.
Another decade passed and the human boy grew under the care of Rahdeas, and for the first time in history, the lances were knighted in public. Rahdeas was kind but also a man that, despite his love for his people, kept his thoughts to himself.
He never told me what he meant when he said my soulbond with the Greysunders wasn’t permanent. He never told me why he kept our ties a secret from the boy. He never explained who exactly it was that told him that this boy was supposed to be the savior of the dwarves.
“You’re quiet, Olfred,” Rahdeas said from the other side of the large circular room. “What’s the matter?”
“Nothing, my lord.” I pried my gaze away from the window and faced the man who’d raised me.
“Olfred! I told you to just call me Rahdeas when we’re alone,” he scolded gently. “Now take a seat. Have a drink with this old man.”
“I have grown old as well.” I took a seat across from him, receiving a goblet.
“The view of the moon is magnificent, is it not?” he sighed after taking a large swig from his goblet that seemed tiny in his large hand.
“It is,” I agreed.
“What an ignorant misconception made by humans and elves. They think that just because we live underground, we prefer caves over buildings. With those unbearable gales that cover all of Darv, did they not stop once to think that we didn’t construct tall towers and buildings because we couldn’t?”
I nodded, looking out the window once more after taking a sip. “Ignorance leads to false assumptions and interpretations.”
“Very true. But times of change are upon us.” Rahdeas idly traced the scar running down his left eye. “The time has come, my child.”
Reaching over the table, Rahdeas gently grabbed my wrist, clasping his hand over mine. “Are there any doubts or hesitations clouding your mind?”
“None… Father.” The word felt foreign to me. I had never said it out loud despite always thinking so. However, I knew I would regret if I didn’t say it before my time came to an end.
The corner of Rahdeas’s eyes crinkled in a gentle smile as he held onto my hand firmly. “Good, good. My only regret is that you won’t be here to see the triumph of our people. If only you had been bound to me rather than that asura.”
I shook my head. “There are some things we cannot change. But there is one thing that I wanted you to know.”
“What is it?”
“I know your ambitions for our people, but that is not why I am doing this. Our people were the ones that had scorned me and beat me while I was on the streets. I just want you to know that the reason I can do all of this without a doubt is because it is what you desire.”
Closing his only able eye, Rahdeas nodded slowly. “Good child. Very good.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I sat down at the edge of my bed, removing the pin that held my hair up. My bond let out a soft grunt of acknowledgment before falling back asleep, leaving me to the silent peace of the night.
Tess’ voice echoed in my head, her words conflicting with my priorities.
“...‘to<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>tell you that I love you again,’” I repeated softly to myself. There were only a few things I truly wanted in this lifetime. It wasn’t fame, power or wealth; I had that and more during my previous life. What I wanted—and the reason why I was fighting this war—was simply to grow old with my loved ones, something I wasn’t able to do as Grey. For that, I was willing to go against any enemies, asuras or not.
What I had trouble fighting was the temptation to throw everything away. There were times when I wanted to just escape to the edge of the Beast Glades with Tess and my family.
Greed constantly questioned my every move.
This isn’t your war, Arthur.
Your legs are near-crippled and you have scars all over your body; haven’t you done enough?
You’re fighting for your people again. You did that in your last life and look where that got you?
Letting out a sigh, I realized why I was constantly pushing Tess away, giving her excuses or roundabout answers for a later date.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
I was afraid.
I was afraid that if I let her in, my greed would become uncontrollable—that I would throw away Dicathen to save the few I truly loved.
Time trickled by while I was lost in my thoughts and by the time I realized, the rising sun, covered beneath the clouds, had given the sky an orange tint.
Removing the luxurious attire I had been wearing since the event last night, I slipped into a comfortable shirt and vest, tucking in the ends of my pants into my boots before draping a thick cloak over my shoulders. “It’s time to go, Sylv.”
Sylvie’s bright yellow eyes fluttered open. Hopping off the bed, she walked beside me, watching me as I carefully applied the special bandage to hide the large scar on my neck. ‘I’m ready.’
Before heading toward the stairs, I stopped by my sister’s room and knocked on her door. “Ellie, it’s your brother.”
The door slid open, revealing my sister in mid-yawn, her hair frizzy on one side and flat on the other. Behind her, laying on his belly beside the bed, was Boo. He peeked at us with one eye before going back to sleep. “Brother? What’s wro—”
She stopped mid-sentence, staring at my clothes. “You’re leaving again? Already?”
I forced a smile that didn’t quite reach my eyes. “I’ll be back soon.” I pulled my sister into my arms.
“You don’t have to come back soon, just come back alive.” She squeezed me tight before pulling herself away. Ellie kneeled down and did the same to my bond before getting back up. My sister smiled widely but tears had already begun welling up in the corners of her eyes.
I tousled her nest of ash-brown hair. “I promise.”
Making our way down the stairs, I was greeted by a chirpy Mica and stern-faced Olfred at the front of the corridor leading to the teleportation room.
The gruff, elderly dwarf, who came up to my shoulders despite his ramrod straight posture, immediately turned away from me upon my arrival and headed down the hall. “We’ll be traveling by flight rather than through the gates.”
General Mica, on the other hand, strolled leisurely by my side. By the smile on her small, creamy face, one would think that she was on her way to a picnic.
“Mica’s excited to finally go on a mission with you,” she said as we trailed behind General Olfred. “The other lances talk about you, although not all of it is good.”
“Do you always refer to yourself in the third person?” I asked.
“Most of the time, why? Is it making you fall for Mica?” she winked. “Mica may look like this but Mica’s a little too old for you.”
“What a shame,” I said, unable to help the sarcasm leaking out of my voice.
“Let’s hurry, time spent on this journey means time spent away from the already existing battles,” General Olfred barked as the soldiers standing guard in front of the landing room swung the doors open.
The artificers and workers inside dropped whatever it was they were doing and saluted upon our arrival. One person, however, walked toward us with an innocent smile.
“Elder Rahdeas,” General Olfred greeted, bowing deeply while Mica and I simply dipped our heads.
“Lances.” Rahdeas’s smile deepened, the scar running through his left eye curving. “Excuse my intrusion; I merely wanted to send you all off in person.”
“It’s an honor,” General Olfred replied.
Rahdeas walked to me, staring at me silently with his weary eyes. When he smiled at me, I couldn’t help but wish this person wasn’t a traitor—that I had suspected him wrongly.
I still regret the fact that I wasn’t able to protect Elijah, and even the thought of persecuting and ultimately killing the very man who had raised my friend like his own blood left a bitter taste in my mouth.
Rahdeas placed a large hand gently on my arm. “You must be rather fatigued from your previous battle. By the asuras, let’s hope that your suspicions turn out to be false so that you may hurry back and get some proper rest.”
While his expression and gesture seemed genuine, Rahdeas’s words seemed carefully picked. Nonetheless, I replied with a smile. “Yes, let’s hope.”
Maybe I am being too suspicious of him, I thought. He was Elijah’s caretaker, after all.
‘While that may be the case, you shouldn’t take that into account so heavily in regards to your suspicions now,’ Sylvie advised.
Letting go of my arm, Rahdeas gave one more meaningful nod to his lances before walking toward the back of the room.
Olfred led the way to the port on the other side of the large room. “We’re ready to depart. Don’t fly beneath the clouds.”
“Will your bond be fast enough to keep up with Mica and Olfred?” Mica asked.
The prideful Sylvie let out a puff of air through her nostrils before transforming into a full-sized dragon. The ground of the castle trembled as the workers around us instinctively backed away despite seeing my bond before.
“I’ll manage,” she rumbled as her long tail swept me off my feet and placed me on the base of her neck.
The wall in front of us lowered in a drawbridge mechanism as the floor beneath us extended into a large skydock.
Immediately I was nearly thrown off by the screeching winds buffeting Sylvie’s large body. While the roof and the multiple terraces were protected by a transparent barrier of mana, we were hit with the full force of the winds at an altitude of more than twenty-thousand feet.
Our voices lost in the wind, General Olfred merely pointed in the direction we were supposed to head. Immediately, General Mica and Olfred took off into clouds.
I can never get tired of this view, I thought, looking out as the morning sun became more prominent, casting an ethereal glow on the clouds.
‘Agreed.’ Sylvie sucked in a deep breath before spreading out her wings. Letting the wind carry her body off the dock, we followed closely behind them, not knowing what the outcome of this journey might be.


Chapter 169

Chapter 169
Chapter 169: A Dwarven Night
The entirety of the first day was spent on Sylvie’s back. Without a word muttered to either of the two dwarven lances, we traveled until night fell when my legs could no longer take the strain of riding on bare scale even with the protection of thick cloth and mana. Not just that, but the hours of gripping tightly onto the base of my bond’s neck was taxing on my legs.
Because of me, we stopped for the night and made camp near the base of the Grand Mountains just a few miles up north of Valden City.
“Please, help yourself.” I held out a skewer of grilled fish toward General Mica and Olfred.
The childlike dwarven lance happily accepted the charred freshwater fish, crunching through the bones as if they didn’t exist, but the old lance merely shook his head.
“If you have the energy to cook, perhaps we should leave soon,” he said, ignoring my courtesy as his eyes remained planted on a book he had brought.
“Don’t mind him,” Mica said, her mouth still full of fish. “The old man doesn’t eat food given by anybody he doesn’t fully trust.”
I nodded, throwing the fish I had grilled for General Olfred to Sylvie. With a snap of her neck, the blackened fish disappeared inside her maw. My bond remained in her original draconic form, curled up at the edge of our small camp. Because of her black scales, Sylvie seemed to almost disappear despite her large frame—the only part of her visible being her two sharp topaz eyes that seemed to hover in the dark.
‘These small morsels do little more than get stuck between my teeth,’ Sylvie grumbled in my head.
I know, but you’ll have to make do with these for now. Besides, you can easily go for weeks without eating, I replied, helping myself to a skewered fish. The fish’s charred skin was filled with a smoky sweetness from the fire, filling my mouth with flavor despite it being unseasoned.
‘Yes, but I eat for the flavor rather than the nutrients,’ she retorted.
Maybe you can find some mana beasts further north. We’re still too close to Valden.
The rest of the meal was rather quiet except for the soft gurgle of the nearby stream where I had caught the fish and the occasional snap of a twig in the fire.
Olfred didn’t say a word after rejecting my fish, remaining still—almost like a statue—as he leaned back against the earthen backrest he had erected while reading his leatherbound book. The only time he actually looked away from the book was when General Mica began humming as she combed through her short curly hair.
With a look of sheer distaste at the off-tune melody, I couldn’t help but crack a smile. Fortunately, General Mica was fairly quiet throughout the night, giving me time to refine my mana core.
Despite being at the mid silver-core stage, I felt lacking being surrounded by lances and my bond that happened to be an asura. With Dawn’s Ballad damaged and my legs debilitated, I felt like I had taken a step back even after the training at Ephetous. One thing I was certain of was that I could no longer afford to use Burst Step again if I wanted to keep my ability to walk.
After an hour of gathering mana from the atmosphere, refining it in my core and repeating the process, I felt someone’s gaze.
I pried an eye open only to see Mica just a few inches away from me, staring intently, while even Olfred had closed his book to observe.
“This is Mica’s first time feeling something like this,” Mica whispered.
“What’s wrong?” I asked, shifting glances between the two lances.
“Your refinement process,” Olfred answered, his eyes narrowed in thought. “Usually it’s not very apparent when someone refines their core—”
“But when you do it, it feels like Mica’s body is getting pulled toward you!” Mica cut in excitedly.
“I’ve never had that pointed out,” I replied. “Is it maybe because I’m a quadra elemental?”
Mica let out a gasp. “Quadra?”
“So that’s how you were able to become a lance despite your age. I’ve heard this being discussed once by the Council, but to think it was actually the case,” Olfred whispered as if talking to himself.
“What’s it like being able to utilize so many elements?” Mica asked as she leaned in closer, her large eyes practically sparkling.
‘Careful what you reveal,’ Sylvie advised from behind, her body still appearing as if she were asleep.
I know, I thought back. “There are still some elements that I still have a hard time grasping, like gravity, but for the most part, it’s practicing and always self-reflecting on what spell and element to use under specific situations.”
“Right, right.” Mica nodded fervently. “Knowing so many spells is useless if you don’t know when to use them.”
“There must be elements you’re more comfortable using,” Olfred said.
I nodded. “There are.”
“Hey, shall Mica teach you how to manipulate gravity?”
I scooted back, smelling the grilled fish in Mica’s breath. “I think it’s more of a practical issue than anything. There are times when I can use it, but it’s just not something I’m confident in.”
“It’s really easy, you know,” Mica insisted, holding out a palm. “You just have to imagine the world going up or down. Then you grab it in your hand and release!”
Unable to understand Mica’s incomprehensible explanation, I looked back to Olfred.
The old dwarf rolled his eyes. “You’d have an easier time learning from a pebble. Miss Earthborn comes from a long line of famous dwarven conjurers, but even amongst them, she’s considered a genius. Learning magic through intuition, she doesn’t even know the rudimentary concepts of mana manipulation.”
“Earthborn?” I repeated. “Where have I heard that name before?”
“Her ancestors founded Earthborn Institute,” he answered simply, going back to his book.
I stared at the childlike lance in a daze. I knew that all of the lances had distinct strengths but it never occurred to me that this seemingly ditzy mage would be from such an influential family. Not much of dwarven history was taught or even written in Sapin, but Earthborn Institute still stood out as one of the main reasons dwarves were able to stay on par with the kingdom of Sapin despite their smaller population and territory. Even after Xyrus Academy had begun accepting different races, much of the dwarven nobles still chose to send their children to Earthborn for their more specific disciplines and areas of study suited for dwarves.
“Mica’s amazing on top of being beautiful, right?” The small dwarf puffed out her chest.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
General Olfred let out a scoff, his face hidden behind his book. “That again? I applaud your confidence but If you’re so beautiful, why is it that you have no experience in relationships when you’re nearing fif—”
He couldn’t finish his sentence as he had to defend himself from a massive war axe that seemingly appeared out of thin air. The ground beneath the old general split from the sheer force exerted by General Mica.
With an innocent smile that seemed to contain a ferocious demon inside, Mica swung down her weapon once more. “My, grumpy old Olfred is getting ahead of himself. You should know best that the reason why I have yet to invest in a man is that my tastes don’t suit the standard dwarves.”
I scooted back closer to Sylvie, not wanting to be a part of this dispute.
‘I think I liked her more when she referred to herself in the third person,’ Sylvie admitted.
I wholeheartedly agree.
Olfred, who had instantly erected a shield of solidified earth above him to guard against his companion’s weapon, let out another scoff. “Please, the only reason you weren’t blatantly ostracized is because of your background. Perhaps you’ll find a human with a rather unique taste for little girls to sweep you off your feet.”
The force of gravity increased around us, and it had become hard to breathe without the help of mana to strengthen my body. The fire had gone out, the wood that had once been burning reduced to rubble.
I stared at the two of them, dumbfounded at the sight of two lances—pinnacles of power in all of Dicathen—bantering like children. <span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
“We’ll”—I let out a sigh, collecting myself—“We’ll attract attention if the both of you keep this up.”
Ignoring me, General Mica swung her giant axe once more, but rather than cleave the stone golem that General Olfred had conjured, her axe obliterated the golem into pebbles. “I don’t see you with a lover in your arms, Oldfred!”
“The fact that you were able to become a lance with your childish antics never ceases to amaze me,” Olfred grunted as he erected another golem, this time much larger.
Letting out a sigh, I gathered water particles from the nearby trees and hosed the both of them until they were both dripping wet.
The both of them whipped their head, eyes glaring. “Are you guys done or do you want to level a mountain while you’re at it?”
Mica clicked her tongue. “It’s Oldfred’s fault, bringing up a lady’s age.”
“Those born sipping milk from a silver goblet need to be educated of their ignorance,” Olfred muttered.
Fighting the urge to roll my eyes, I watched as the two of them retreated to their own corners of the camp. General Mica, with a single stomp of her tiny foot, erected a cottage from the ground. Large enough to almost fit Sylvie inside, the stone house even had textured walls and came equipped with a chimney that soon began puffing smoke.
General Olfred, on the other hand, chose to build his lair underneath within the side of the cliff just a few feet away from our camp. The earthen cliffside in front of him glowed a deep red and began melting to form a pool of molten rock. A large area almost immediately hollowed out and I was able to catch a glimpse of the detailed stone furniture inside before the lance closed the gaping entrance he had made without even glancing back.
“Very covert,” I muttered helplessly before turning back and crawling underneath one of Sylvie’s black wings as a makeshift tent.
‘You might be more comfortable conjuring a tent as well,’ Sylvie suggested.
I’ll feel safer here in case they decide to do something in my sleep, I replied sluggishly.
I drifted in and out of consciousness as scenes from my past life flashed in between the peaceful lulls of slumber. Memories I wanted to forget resurfaced like worms on a rainy day.
After the night Headmaster Wilbeck was murdered, my goals had changed. Despite both Nico and Cecilia trying to convince me to go to school, I had no intention of trying to be a normal boy like the headmaster wanted me to be. I hated myself for being unable to protect her, the woman who raised me like a mother when every other adult had regarded me as a pest or burden. She took me in, wanting nothing in return except for my own happiness and for a time, I thought I had found it.
During that short period in my life with Nico and Cecilia by my side in the orphanage with Headmaster Wilbeck to watch out for us and scold us, I was happy like any normal child. She had no sins—she did nothing wrong. The headmaster was the type of person to give up her own lunch to a homeless man she had just passed by, yet life repaid her kindness with a horrible and bloody death.
The orphanage was left in charge by another headmaster and after a few months, the kids laughed like nothing ever happened.
Not me, though. I had become obsessed with finding out who had sent those killers after me and Nico and Cecilia as well as Headmaster Wilbeck.
Nico’s words rang clearly. “What are you even going to do once you find them? You’re going to take them out all on your own? With your ability?”
That was when I realized I had to get stronger. Withdrawing my application to the school, I enrolled in one of the military institutes where they trained candidates for the army.
Both Nico and Cecilia tried to talk me out of it. They urged me to give the school a chance to break me free of my obsession. Looking back now, I wish I had listened to them then. My life would’ve been much less painful and lonely if I had.
Perhaps the thing I regretted more than refusing to listen to them was allowing the two of them to follow me into the training institute. I know I had advised them against it at the time, but if only I had tried harder—pushed them farther away from me—then at least my life would’ve been the only one affected.
‘Arthur. We should depart before the sun rises.’ My bond’s voice rang gently but I still woke up with a gasp.
‘You were having nightmares of your past life again,’ she stated rather than asked.
You know about these? I asked, sitting up.
‘Yes, although they come in flashes, I’m able to make them out. You seem to be getting these more frequently,’ she answered, concerned.
I’m sure it’s nothing, I replied, getting out from underneath Sylvie’s wing.
‘I certainly hope that’s the case,’ she said dubiously.
I responded with a smile, drawing our mental conversation to an end.
“We’ll shoot for reaching the northern coast by the end of today,” Olfred announced as he destroyed the stone tents he and Mica had conjured, while Mica was covering our camp in case adventurers or hunters strayed too close.
My suspicions of the two lances’ involvement in the betrayal of Dicathen had lessened after their behavior last night, but I remained cautious. Conjuring a small gust of wind, I helped the two cover our tracks and we were back on our way.


Chapter 170

Chapter 170
Chapter 170: Old Roots
A haze of magenta and orange spread throughout the horizon, giving life to the tranquil ocean in the distance. Sylvie and I plummeted near the edge of the Grand Mountains. The darkened figures of Mica and Olfred cast a shadow over us as they levitated down above us, preparing to catch me right after Sylvie transformed into her fox-like form.
We were still several miles away from the northern coast but we couldn’t afford flying any closer. Assuming the worst, a scythe might be able to sense substantial mana fluctuations even from this distance.
Sylvie latched onto me as soon as she shrunk. At the same time, I reached out, grabbing Mica’s outstretched hand. There we slowly descended, close enough to the massive mountain range to avoid any unwanted attention. While I was easily able to land, even from this height, doing so meant that I’d likely flatten the trees nearby and perhaps even sink the ground from the sheer force I’d have to use to stop myself. As reluctant as I was to admit, it was much simpler relying on the lance to just carry me down.
“That’s a pretty bad scar you have on your hand!” Mica remarked, her voice barely audible from the wind.
“It’s an old wound.” I cracked a smile. I had made sure to hide the scar on my throat with the concealing bandage, but the scar on my left hand was of little issue to people that didn’t know me very well.
The small lance nodded, the strength of her grip around my arm growing tighter despite her delicate-looking fingers.
We landed at the base of the Grand Mountains, on a field of dry grass and boulders where<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>frigid winds whistled around us.
“Mana from this point on should be kept to a minimum,” Olfred said as he scanned our surroundings for anyone nearby.
I nodded in agreement. I was able to use mana without it being detected through Mirage Walk, but that was information better kept to myself.
“I assume you have a plan in order to find the retainer and scythe in question?” the gruff lance remarked.
“Somewhat.” I took out the white mask I had kept since first becoming an adventurer and the black coat made from the fur of a nightmare fox. This was the outfit I had worn along with the mask since it had the subtle ability to cast one’s focus away from the wearer. Wearing it over my clothes, I also fished out a thick cloak from my dimension ring and draped it over my shoulders. “We’ll need to head toward the main road so take out your cloaks and put up the hoods.”
Olfred studied my black coat with a curious gaze. “An intriguing effect. Were you once an assassin or thief?”
“No,” I chuckled, looking down at my outfit. “I just didn’t want to stand out.”
With a dismissive nod, he and Mica followed my request, each taking out a lavish cloak of rich mana beast fur.
Without saying a word, I walked over to Mica as I took out a spare cloak from my ring. Dropping it on the ground, I stepped on it, staining the brown cloak with dirt and grass before handing it to the small lance. “Wear this instead.”
“Y-You just dropped it and stepped on it!” Mica exclaimed, flabbergasted.
“I know,” answered as I dropped my own cloak and stepped on it, rubbing my heel to thoroughly coat it with dirt and grime. “The two of us are going to be Olfred’s slaves.”
“Why can’t Mica be the master?” she huffed, holding my spare cloak with just two fingers.
“Because you have the appearance of a middle-schooler,” I answered bluntly with an innocent smile. Olfred let out a small laugh as he clasped on his fur cloak.
Glaring daggers at her cohort, she reluctantly put her cloak back into her ring and put on the dirty one I had given her.
“Sorry. This is for safety measures,” I said. Bending down, I dipped my finger on a muddy patch of dirt.
“No, please,” Mica begged, protecting her face with the hood of her cloak.
“We’re slaves that have been traveling a fair distance. It’d only be natural to be dirty, and it’d be a good way to get by unnoticed.” Without waiting for her consent, I pulled off her hood and smeared the moist dirt on her face before doing the same to myself.
I dipped my head down and tousled my long hair until it became disheveled and covered most of my face. After putting on the hood of my cloak, I handed the mask that I was holding to Olfred. “Wear this along with your cloak and if anyone asks, it’s to hide a gruesome scar you received years back.”
Olfred nodded, accepting the mask. As he slid it on over his face and propped up his hood, I couldn’t help but be reminded of my time as an adventurer under the guise of Note.
The blue streak running down to the right eye hole of the mask had faded over the years but with Olfred’s height being similar to how tall I had been when I was an adventurer along with the mask and cloak really brought back memories.
“The mask fits well,” Olfred said, his voice sounding deeper from the effects of the mask. “Oh? It has this sort of function as well.”
“Mica wants to go home,” the small dwarf sulked, her youthful face caked with dried mud while her short hair poked out in messy curls from underneath the dirty and tattered cloak.
How’s my disguise? I asked my bond, turning to face her.
‘It’ll have to do, although it worries me what would happen if someone looked too closely.’ Her small feline head nodded in approval.
Why does that sound more like an insult than a compliment?
‘It’s a bit of both,’ her calm voice chuckled in my mind. Sylvie hopped inside my cloak since she needed to be hidden from view as I posed as a slave.
“You’re positive no one will suspect us?” Olfred’s deep voice rumbled from behind the mask.
“No one’s going to be out looking for lances, and there are quite a bit of adventurers that like to use masks,” I replied, trailing next to Mica behind our temporary master. “Besides, there’s an old saying that the best place to hide is in plain sight. Who’s going to suspect a noble and his two slaves that got raided by bandits on our way up north to escape the battles?”
“While you do make a point, I’ve never heard of such a saying. Perhaps it’s used only by humans?” Olfred asked.
“Something like that,” I chuckled, remembering now that I had learned it in my previous life.
We trudged for hours silently. I constantly used Mirage Walk to strengthen my legs with mana while hiding the fluctuations, satisfied that not even Mica and Olfred were able to notice anything off.
I ran the plan that Virion and I had come up with in my head with Sylvie. Assuming that both Olfred and Mica were traitors, I didn’t know what they planned on doing to me. Worst case was them killing me when they had the chance, while another scenario was them taking me to the Vritra. Whatever the case, the two dwarves wouldn’t attack me so brazenly with Sylvie around. Even if they were able to overpower us, it would be a hard fight and attract attention even in the most remote areas.
If I were them, I’d lead me and Sylvie to the retainer or scythe in order to swiftly dispose or capture us. Having said that, the only real way to make sure that their plan was to lead us to their backup was to intentionally act like I could not find them.
With Realmheart, I could make use of the visible mana fluctuations to find the Vritra ’s base. After a few days of leading them in the wrong direction, they would either give up and want to head back—in which case my suspicions would be wrong—or they would provide me with suggestions or hints to lead Sylvie and me to our demise.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
‘Your plan rests on a lot of assumptions,’ my bond noted, shuffling inside the pocket of my cloak. ‘What if they forcibly lead you to the Vritras?’
I highly doubt they’d want to reveal their position. You can’t get much better than having one of the councilmembers as a spy. Which is why it’s safe for me to assume that they’d try to avoid suspicion until they’re sure they can get rid of us without drawing attention.
‘So we’ll just run away if it seems like they’re trying to lead us to them?’ Sylvie asked, her tone doubtful.
If we can head back after finding the location of the Vritra’s base without fighting Olfred and Mica, that’ll be the best case scenario, I responded, following closely behind the masked noble that was posing as my master. But just in case, Virion sent another lance behind us.
Sylvie didn’t answer, but a wave of surprise flooded my mind.
You can’t sense her at all, can you?
‘No, I can’t,’ she admitted. ‘Is it the elven lance?’
Mhm. Despite her demeanor, she was given the code name ‘Phantasm’ because of her abilities to deceive and hide from opponents.
‘An assassin,’ Sylvie noted.
The two of us conversed mentally, shortening the passage of time as we trekked through the rugged plains.
Throughout the way, I activated Realmheart in brief increments, trying to catch any fluctuations of mana around us. I had to be careful to not let the two lances see my eyes, but my hood and long bangs were able to hide the fact that my pupils changed from blue to a light lavender.
As we continued our journey Northwest, trees became more abundant as the plains slowly shifted into acres of woodland. With Mana Rotation, the skill I learned from Sylvia, constantly replenishing my mana supply while I used Mirage Walk to conceal the mana fluctuation around me caused by using magic, the time I spent walking had become a sort of training.
“We’ve made it,” Mica sighed as we finally reached the main road. The dirt trail was wide enough to accommodate two carriages with ample space in between, and while there were wheel tracks from use, there seemed to be no carriages within sight.
“Where to now, boy?” Olfred’s deepened voice rang.
“We follow the road to the nearest town,” I simply answered.
“More walking?” Mica groaned in protest.
“The closest town isn’t too far off,” I comforted.
Mica and I kept our heads low as we followed behind Olfred on the side of the trail. Suddenly, I picked up the faint clack of hooves and wooden wheels.
Both the lances perked up less than a second later, picking up on the sound as well. The three of us stopped and waited for the carriage to appear in our line of sight. Pulled by two brown horses, one speckled near its muzzle, the wooden carriage was driven by an older gentleman in green and brown traveling garb with a young man that appeared not much older than myself.
As they got closer, it was apparent how malnourished the two horses were. Their ribcages were clearly pronounced while their coats and manes had lost any sort of luster they would normally get from the nutrients in their food.
Olfred waved his arms at the approaching carriage. “Hello there!”
With a swift pull of the reigns, the horses and carriage came to a dusty halt.
“You lost?” the older man barked, his eyes scanning Olfred’s garb while the younger one eyed Mica and me suspiciously.
“My slaves and I were on our way up north when our carriage was attacked by some bandits,” Olfred explained, his voice steady while he dramatically told a tale of woe. “They slit my horses and tried to rob us. Luckily my slaves were able to fight off the bandits.”
“These two munchkins?’ The older man’s eyes narrowed.
Olfred shook his head. “No, no. Different slaves, but unfortunately they didn’t last much longer from infection of the wounds.”
“Mmm. And the mask?” the driver asked with a raised brow. He and the younger man both gripped the hilts of their sheathed daggers on their waists. By their awkwardly placed hands, it seemed that their weapons were more for intimidation.
“My father insisted I hide my identity in these dangerous times,” Olfred answered with a weak chuckle as he held up his hands in submission, noticing the weapons as well.
“Dangerous times indeed as you’ve already experienced.” The older man loosened his grip on the weapon. “Fighting slaves are hard to come by and even harder to afford since the war started. Pity for your loss.”
“A great loss,” Olfred agreed.
“Well, times are hard for all of us. I’m not sure my horses can handle the weight of more people,” the older man ran his fingers through his scraggly beard as he let out a cough.
“Naturally, you’ll be compensated,” Olfred replied calmly as he dug into his fur cloak and pulled out two silver coins.
The younger man reached out and snagged the silver coins, testing their pliability with his teeth before giving an okay to the driver.
“Hop on then,” the older man motioned to Olfred. “But your slaves will have to walk.”
“Of course,” Olfred said without hesitation.
I caught a glance of Mica’s devastated expression before she lowered her head again. Without saying a word, I pulled the child-like lance back and waited for the carriage to resume before following after it with Mica.
“Mica is going to kill that old man,” Mica muttered, her face hidden beneath her hood.
“Just bear it for a little longer. The next town is only an hour away.”
“You’re familiar with this rural countryside?” Mica asked.
“Of course,” I said softly. “It’s where my hometown is after all.”


Chapter 171

Chapter 171
Chapter 171: Inside The Tavern
The flickering fires of street lights glowed in the nearby distance, a sight for sore eyes after hours of nonstop walking. I had come back to Ashber, the small town where I was born, for the first time in more than ten years.
“Mica is ready for a nice cold mug of ale,” the general whispered, licking her dry, cracked lips.
I nodded wordlessly, keeping my pace brisk to match the speed of the carriage we were behind.
“Just out of curiosity, Sir. How many slaves do you own?” the younger man asked eagerly, his narrow eyes shifting between Olfred and me.
“I never counted,” Olfred answered with a shrug. “We have many at home, some owned by myself and some owned by my family.”
“Wow.” The younger man sighed. “If you have so many, how about you leave those two slaves with us—ouch!”
The older, bearded man leaned back from his seat and smacked the boy upside his head. “Are you hollow in the head? Who in their right mind would just freely give away their slaves!”
The boy rubbed his head, fixing his dirty blond hair. “I was just asking, old man. Sheesh!”
“Sorry about my boy. I’ve had to raise him on my own after his mother ran off, and manners weren’t always a priority on my list of things to teach him.”
“No offense taken,” Olfred said with a deep chuckle. “Normally, I might’ve just left them with you once I’d reached my destination but these two offer at least a bit of security in these chaotic times.”
The boy clicked his tongue. “Unlucky.”
Something about the two of them didn’t sit right with me. Aside from the fact that there were no other carriages going back and forth so close to town, there was no luggage on the carriage either. Their only weapons seemed to be the knives that they had buckled to their waists, which provided barely any protection.
They had seemed reasonably suspicious upon first contact, but they opened up too easily as if waiting for a reason to trust us. However, we were almost in Ashber and nothing seemed amiss.
“Well, here we are,” the bearded driver announced, pulling on the reins to halt the carriage. “We’re skipping through this town so it’d be best if you walk from here.”
“You’ll be traveling through the night?” Olfred asked, skepticism laced in his voice.
“We’re in a hurry to a small outpost just an hour away,” the blond-haired boy answered with a laugh, releasing the latch in the back to let Olfred out.
“Well, regardless, thank you for the ride.” Olfred handed the boy an extra silver coin before hopping off the carriage.
The driver gave Olfred a wave before snapping his reigns. With an annoyed grunt, the two horses started trotting, pulling the carriage to a narrower dirt road that veered off to the left.
“They need to work on their acting,” Olfred said, shaking his head as he began walking.
“So it wasn’t just me,” I replied.
“Whatever. As long as there's alcohol and a cozy bed, Mica will be happy.”
As the three of us walked into town, I couldn’t help but notice how empty the streets were. Part of my memory of Ashber was how lively it had been for such a small town. Adventurers were scarce this far up north but a small river flowing near the town made the area a great place to raise crops. After the death of Lensa, my father took my mother here to this remote town and took a job here guarding farmers and their crops against the frequent wolves or stray mana beasts that came from the Grand Mountains. With farmers waking up early to tend to their crops and afternoons spent either selling on the market streets of Ashber or to frequenting merchants, nighttime was when everyone truly found the time to unwind and have fun.
My father would oftentimes come home at night, tripping over his own feet after drinking with the local farmers. I had expected some change to have occurred from the war, but I never expected Ashber to become such a ghost town.
The street lamps that lay scattered around were burning brightly, but there were no signs of people nearby. The three of us sensed someone in the alleyway, his features hidden by shadows. After a moment, though, the person scurried off, his unrhythmic footsteps growing fainter until the only sound we heard came from ourselves.
The three of us looked at one another but remained quiet. Looking around, most of the buildings were either vacant or barred. Wooden planks were nailed over windows while chains held together a store’s front entrance.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>I activated Realmheart to sense for mana fluctuations, not expecting much.
However, I could see the distortions in the atmospheric mana all over the town. There had been mages here recently.
“I sense individuals scattered around, but there seems to be a congregation of forty or so just a few blocks away,” Olfred grunted.
“Mica sensed forty-three,” the little lance muttered beside me.
“I thought we agreed not to use magic,” I said, irritated. “What if there are Alacryan mages or Vritras nearby that pick up on it?”
“Mana wasn’t needed to sense them,” Olfred replied cryptically.
<i>What?</i> I almost said aloud. If they were able to sense people around this accurately, my whole plan could be compromised.
“That’s good,” I lied. “Looks like we’ll be able to pick up on the Alacryans’ hideout sooner than I’d expected.”
“It’ll probably still take some time. Mica can only sense people within a short distance and even then it’s sort of fuzzy. Same goes for Olfred,” Mica explained.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“You’re both talking too much for slaves,” Olfred snapped, before dropping his voice into a whisper. “Just because we can’t use magic does not mean our enemies are bound by the same handicap. Assume our voices will always be heard.”
I knew no one was nearby—at least no one that was manipulating mana—and so should Olfred, making it seem like he just wanted Mica to stop talking about their limits, but the elderly dwarf did have a point. I nodded and continued trailing a few steps behind Olfred with Mica quietly simmering in frustration beside me.
Turning a corner after passing by a particularly tall, worn-down building, I knew exactly where this “congregation” that Olfred and Mia mentioned was.
Clouds of smoke visibly puffed out of a chimney from what seemed like a tavern. The large shack had a crooked roof with missing tiles, but out of all the other tattered edifices and hovels nearby, it was the only place with light coming from inside.
We approached with little hesitation, driven by the thought of a nice seasoned meal and a plush bed.
<i>‘I smell meat being grilled,’ </i>Sylvie said as we got closer, rustling impatiently inside my cloak.
Olfred turned around and the three of us looked at one another before opening the splintered wooden door. My nose hungrily breathed in the pungent smell of alcohol, smoke, and a variety of indiscernible foods and spices. A clamor of a dozen conversations all trying to overwhelm one another resounded throughout the large tavern with the sounds of glasses clinking and palms pounding accompanying them.
The people—mostly men—that were seated at the tables closest to the door all turned to face us, some with flushed cheeks, others with irritated scowls.
“Do we wait to get seated?” Olfred’s voice sounded from behind his mask.
“You’re responsible for finding your own seat in establishments like these,” I said, pulling my hood down to cover more of my face as I resisted the urge to chuckle.
I grabbed Mica’s wrist and followed behind Olfred as he weaved through the customers and tables. It was impossible not to notice the glares as we passed by. A burly man with long, tangled hair purposely leaned back, hoping to bump into one of us as an excuse to start a commotion.
“Nevermind. It’s only forty-two,” Mica said as she pointed to a fanged hound that stood near its barrel-chested owner, drool leaking out of its flat muzzle.
I raised a brow. “What?”
“Forty-two people, not forty-three like Mica said earlier. Mica mistook that mana beast for two people,” she explained.
“Only forty-two people; got it,” I replied.
Continuing through the maze of people, I tried to pick up any bits of conversation I could that might alleviate my suspicions about this place. I was able to pick out a part of one table’s dialogue amidst the clamor, “...were able to reel in some fish tonight.”
While the toned man with several missing teeth could’ve simply been talking about catching a trout or some other aquatic vertebrate, their suspicious gazes told me that their conversation wasn’t so innocent.
Eventually, we seated ourselves around a wobbly table in the far corner of the tavern next to the bathroom. A vile stench caused by the absence of proper plumbing assaulted my nose, getting rid of every trace of the appetite I had built up.
“What’ll it be for you tonight?” a barmaid asked as she nonchalantly pulled down on her dirty gown to further expose her breasts. She leaned down on the table next to Olfred, blatantly inviting his eyes toward her cleavage as she herself scanned his fine cloak.
Mica and I apparently didn’t exist to this server as she swayed coquettishly next to Olfred, waiting for him to order.
“I’ll take three mugs of cold ale and whatever stew you have tonight along with some bread,” Olfred said, unfazed by her attempts at wooing him.
“Right away,” she cooed as she gently ran a finger up his arm. Whether it was another attempt at seducing him or gauging the quality of his cloak, I didn’t know, but I could tell that she wasn’t the only one that had noticed the potential worth of Olfred.
“Ugh. What’s the point of showing off those lumps of fat anyway?” Mica mumbled, disgusted.
“For once, we agree on something,” Olfred said with a nod. “A woman should have a firm and muscular build and the coarse skin to match.”
I opted to stay out of the conversation, taking the time to sneak in glances of the tavern. With Realmheart activated once more, I could tell that magic had been used and it hadn’t happened that long ago.
A distorted aura of mana surrounded a particularly large table along the opposite wall. A robed middle-aged man stuck out from the table. Unlike his companions, he was neatly groomed. His beady eyes flickered lewdly at the two scantily-dressed barmaids in each of his thin arms as they took turns feeding him fruits and ale. With hollow cheeks and a receding hairline, it was apparent that the two servers weren’t cozying up to him because of his dashing good looks.
Just from how loudly and haughtily he spoke, and the way his peers laughed and nodded to whatever came out of his mouth, there was no doubt the beady-eyed man was important—if not in control. By how the particles gathered around him, it seemed he had conjured a layer of mana to strengthen and protect his body.
He wasn’t the only one; just from a cursory glance, I spotted a few augmenters that were expelling a thin layer of mana over their skin for protection. However, the density and purity of mana encompassing their bodies were at a level far lower than the Alacyran soldiers I had faced near the southwestern coast. If I had to guess, they were either mercenaries or lower-tiered adventurers. In comparison, the skeleton being sandwiched by two girls was at a far higher level.
But that wasn’t what had bothered me. It wasn’t the subtle air of hostility in the tavern or the suspicious amount of mages present. I knew that man. Something about his beady, perverted gaze and his crooked face brought up bitter emotions but I couldn’t place my finger on why.
<i>‘What’s going on?’</i> Sylvie asked, noticing my concern.
<i>Sylvie, take a quick peek at the table to my left on the other side of the tavern. Do you recognize anyone? </i>
My bond rustled inside my cloak before her small muzzle popped out. Her intelligent eyes scanned the room, focusing on the area I had directed when a blatant distaste leaked out of her.<i> ‘He’s that scoundrel that tried to use the king to forcibly take possession of me during the Helstea auction event. I believe his name was something along the lines of—’</i>
The man got up and hobbled toward the bar, keeping minimal weight on his left leg as he used a wooden staff to keep balance. As soon as I realized his injury, his name immediately flooded into my mind along with the rest of my memories of him.
<i>It’s Sebastian. </i>


Chapter 172

Chapter 172
Chapter 172: Inside The Tavern II
“What’s wrong?” Mica whispered, leaning in close with her head tilted down so only the bottom half of her face was visible. “Do you recognize someone?”
Shaking my head, I turned back to my table. “No one important.”
A different barmaid—this one much less affectionate—arrived with our order. She placed the three mugs of ale in front of Olfred along with the single bowl of soup containing a piece of bread sloppily submerged inside the goopy liquid.
“Please bring two more bowls,” Olfred said as he slid a mug across the table in front of me and Mica.
“There’s a stall a block down to feed your slaves,” she said with blatant distaste.
Ignoring her attitude, Olfred simply stirred the orange stew with the piece of bread. “It’s been a long journey. I’ll have them eat here tonight.”
I didn’t bother to see her reaction, but she left wordlessly. My mind was focused on the cold mug of ale bubbling in front of me. I pressed the cool rim of the mug against my dry lips, relishing the slight burn down my esophagus as the carbonated liquid reached my stomach.
<i>Damn, that feels good. </i>
Mica almost finished her entire mug in one gulp. Her body shivered as she let out a blissful sigh. “Even this cheap ale tastes heavenly to Mica right now.”
With a silent chuckle, I lifted my mug for another swig. Out of the corner of my eyes, though, I spotted the same barmaid whispering to one of the men sitting at the same table as Sebastian, pointing a finger toward our table.
“Looks like we’ll be having guests,” I muttered to the two lances as I set down my drink. Sylvie rustled deeper into my cloak while I pulled the hood a bit more over my face just in case.
Just a few moments later, a large man with a scraggly beard came to our table and with him, a short portly woman wearing a condescending smirk and clothing just as revealing as, if not more than, the barmaids here.
The bearded man regarded me and Mica with a raised brow and an expectant gaze. I got up without a word, pulling Mica from her seat as well, and stood behind Olfred.
The woman, seeing the two half-empty mugs, let out a snort. “You really shouldn’t be spoiling your slaves like this. It makes them think they can act out.”
“How I treat my slaves is none of your business,” Olfred replied curtly, sliding in another piece of bread underneath his mask. “Now what can I do for the two of you? I hope you can keep things succinct.”
“Succinct?” the man scoffed. The wooden backrest groaned in protest as he leaned back on the seat but continued to hold out. “Some fancy words you got there. You should be careful around these parts, especially if you’re traveling from the South.”
I could see the two trying to size up Olfred. Mica could pass off as a human child but I was worried that they might realize that Olfred wasn’t human.
“Thank you for the advice,” Olfred responded as he continued locking eyes with the two of them.
“We wanted to give you a warm welcome around,” the woman said, leaning forward on her elbows.
“We graciously came over after seeing the way you treated your slaves,” her companion continued, shooting a pointed gaze at Mica and me. “We have a whole line of slaves for sale that I feel you’d be interested in.”
My jaw clenched at her words. I imagined a room full of children and adults alike, barely clothed and fed, kept only as commodities.
“I’ll have to politely decline,” the old lance replied almost immediately.
“Don’t say that.” The portly woman slid to the edge of her seat to be closer to Olfred. “We’ve got a fine line of both girls and women if you’re not looking for a more practical slave.”
“We even have dwarves and elves,” the large man added, his cracked lips curled into a lewd grin.
There was a beat of silence before Olfred responded. “I thought after the formation of the Council, interracial slavery had been banned?”
“That’s why it’ll cost you an arm and a leg if you want to buy one.” The man burst into a fit of hoarse laughter at his own joke—or what he considered one.
If the lance was angry, he did a good job of hiding it. Mica, on the other hand, stirred beside me. I was able to sense the minuscule amount of mana leaking from her, but even that small amount was enough to fill me with unease. Not long after the union of the three races, the leaders of all three sides made a collective effort to abolish slavery. However, getting rid of slavery in one fell swoop would not only cause dissatisfaction amongst slave owners, but there would be severe ramifications in the economy by essentially getting rid of a large portion of the kingdom’s workforce.
In order to remedy this, one thing that the Council had been working diligently on was taking a step-by-step approach; rewarding owners who freed their slaves and heavily taxing owners who kept slaves.
While slavery existed in all three kingdoms, there had always been a high demand for dwarven and particularly elven slaves from Sapin. At least that’s what Vincent, the owner of the Helstea Auction House, told me.
Olfred gently pushed the bowl of stew away. “On second thought. Perhaps I am a little curious about what you have to offer.”
The woman inched a bit closer, her face contorted into what she considered coquettish. “I knew you’d be interested. I’ll let our boss know.”
“Is it okay if I at least get settled into an inn somewhere nearby first?” Olfred asked. “Our journey has been somewhat rough.”
The woman locked eyes with her companion before she motioned him with a twitch of her head. With a nod, he waved a giant arm at an old man with a slight hunch that had been idly drying glasses with a towel. “A room for the gent and his two slaves!”
The woman didn’t give Olfred a chance to object, leading him toward the back door with her bearded companion close behind. This time, the seated men and women in our way scooted their chairs, making a path as their gazes bore holes in us.
Before going into the back hall with the hunched elder, I looked back once more at Sebastian who was smiling in our direction with a barmaid whispering something into his ear.
Once we walked deeper into the scarcely-lit hallway, much of the clamor from the tavern died down. Mica and I trailed behind Olfred silently while the masked lance himself responded to the portly woman’s idle banter.
“Here’s your room, sir. That’ll be two silvers.” The old man held out an empty palm while his other hand held a rusted key.
<i>Two silvers? For a dingy room up here in Ashber?</i> I couldn’t believe it. It was reasonable to be able to buy a plot of land here with two silvers.
<i>‘I’ve never had an interest in this continent’s currency, but even to me it sounds ridiculous,’ </i>Sylvie responded incredulously.
Nevertheless, Olfred continued playing his role of the weary naive noble as he produced two glimmering coins from inside his cloak.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
Without even a thank you, the old man dropped the key into Olfred’s hand and tottered back to the tavern. The woman, on the other hand, seemed even more flirtatious after Olfred produced the coins, going as far as squeezing Olfred’s arm before she and her companion headed back.
“We’ll meet back in an hour back at the tavern.” She turned back around and shot Olfred a wink.
Closing the door behind us, I immediately slammed my fist against the wall. Since my fist wasn’t coated in mana, a jarring pain shot up my arm but even that was welcomed. The fact that I wasn’t able to do anything for those slaves and for my town—I deserved the worst.
Letting out a sigh, I scanned the room which was no larger than the bathroom I had at my home in Ashber. There was one bed and dresser squeezed in; even taking into account Mica’s small frame, she and I would have to sleep sitting up.
Taking off her hood, Mica immediately jumped on the bed, burying her face into the pillow before letting out a scream.
“You did good holding back from those two,” I praised, removing my cloak as well. “That woman, especially.”
Taking off his mask, Olfred replied, “Her charming appearance didn’t make up for the fact that she has captured one of my own.”
I blinked, still unable to get used to the dwarves’ tastes.
“If it wasn’t for this darn mission, Mica would’ve flattened this entire tavern!” Mica cried, her voice muffled from the pillow.
“My thoughts were the same,” Olfred replied. “Our circumstances, however, force us to be discreet.”
I turned to the older lance. “Whether we decide to act, our mission is priority. It’s no problem going with them to see these slaves, though—in fact, it gives us a better cover to move around.”
Olfred nodded in response as he unclipped his cloak and slung it over the wooden dresser.
I sat down at the foot of the bed while Sylvie fumed beside me.
<i>Something on your mind?</i>
<i>‘I don’t understand why there would be a high demand for slaves of different races. Is it because humans feel pity for enslaving one of their own?’</i> my bond asked.
<i>No. Sickeningly enough, a lot of noble families practiced interbreeding with their dwarven or elven slaves so their children can have a better and more wide-ranged potential as a mage. Lucas Wykes was a product of that practice. </i>
Sylvie didn’t reply but due to our bond, I could feel her anger spilling out; I didn’t blame her, though. When I first read about elves, I thought of them as this mystical race with a high affinity for magic. That belief was further enforced by the fact that my stay in Elenoir was mostly with the royal family. When I think back to the time I had rescued Tessia from slave traders, I should’ve guessed that they either went for children or weaker, unsuspecting adults.
<i>The Council had banned interracial slavery a few years ago, but after seeing these two, it looks like it was still going on. </i>
<i>‘What about the forest surrounding the elven kingdom? Isn’t it supposed to deter most other beings aside from elves and native animals?’ </i>
<i>Which is why elven slaves are so rare. The traders will not only need to be adept fighters, they need to have hounds capable of guiding them through Elshire Forest. </i>
Contempt spilled out of my bond. <i>‘To go to such lengths...’</i>
Coming from a modest household, my parents would never have been able to afford a slave, even if they had wanted one. This, in turn, had somewhat obscured my run-in with slaves. Still, the fact that it was happening in my hometown did more than just irritate me.
“If we can’t handle this directly, Mica is going to inform the Council of what’s going on here,” the small lance said abruptly, bolting up on the bed.
I nodded, not bothering to turn to face the dwarf. “Sounds like a plan.”
The inn had one bathroom at the far end of the hall, and when Olfred went out of the room to use it, an unfamiliar man with a small dagger clipped to his waist escorted him there. While Olfred said the man was nice enough, It was obvious that a place like this didn’t offer concierge service. We were basically being held prisoner here.
An hour passed by in the blink of an eye. We decided it was best for Mica to stay behind in case she wasn’t able to control her temper. Despite numerous complaints from her, the child-like lance knocked out like a log as soon as her head hit the makeshift pillow she had made from rolling up her cloak.
The two of us got dressed once more before opening our door. It was obvious to us even before that there were people waiting just outside, but we remained casual.
“Had a good rest?” the portly woman asked, her voice a bit more slurred than when she had first come to us.
Judging by the flushed cheeks that her companion had, it looked like the two of them had been drinking in the meantime.
“Come! Follow us this way. Our leader wants to meet with you,” the woman said, cozying up to Olfred.
I remained silent as I trailed behind my master until the bearded man spoke. “Your smaller slave isn’t joining us?”
“Her body is unaccustomed to traveling such long distances,” Olfred answered without turning around. “I didn’t think it’d be a problem just letting her sleep in the room.”
The bearded man’s lips curled up into a snide grin.
“Ah! So her body is accustomed to other things,” he chuckled, nudging Olfred with his elbow.
I rolled my eyes. <i>Does this ape have no sense of decency? </i>
The muffled clamor of the tavern grew louder as we approached the entrance. While the establishment was still busy, the table closest to us was left open with only one person sitting at it. Sebastian.
“Leader, I brought them here,” the woman spoke, the slur in her voice nonexistent.
<i>Leader?</i> I almost said aloud, my eyes glancing upward to get a better view of the balding conjurer. I had no lingering resentment toward Sebastian. Even back then, when I was still a little boy in this world, I saw him as greedy and shameless, but insignificant. The childlike desire he had for my bond, and the fact that he used the king to try and ‘coerce’ me into giving her up did get on my nerves, but I’d never thought he’d be up here.
Even if he had received punishment back then for his actions at the auction house, I doubt it led to anything more than a warning. He was a noble; he shouldn’t have any interests in a remote town like Ashber.
“You may leave.” He dismissed them with a wave of his hand. Sebastian’s beady eyes inspected me and I could feel him probing for my mana core level. He wouldn’t be able to sense anything, of course. Even if I wasn’t at the white core stage yet, I was high enough of a level where his senses wouldn’t be able to detect traces of my mana. His gaze moved upward from my sternum to my face, but upon seeing my disheveled hair and dirt-stained face, his focus turned to Olfred.
“It’s a pleasure,” Sebastian said with a wide, seemingly innocent smile. “Allow me to welcome you to my town.”


Chapter 173

Chapter 173
Chapter 173: Conducting Business
“Nice to meet you,” Olfred said with what little courtesy he could muster up. “My name is Cladence from House—”
Sebastian held up a palm, interrupting the masked lance. “Let me stop you right there. House names aren’t necessary in ordeals like this. I’ll simply refer you to as Cladence and you can call me Sebastian.”
“Very well,” Olfred replied. “Sebastian.”
“Good.” The beady-eyed conjurer nodded in approval. “Now. Before we get down to business…”
Sebastian muttered a chant as he waved his arm ostentatiously. After a few moments, a translucent shroud covered us, dampening the clamor of the tavern. An obvious but not very impressive demonstration of wind-attribute magic. Still, I played along as the naive slave and let out a breath of amazement.
The conjurer’s gaze shifted from me to Olfred, but seeing that his masked guest didn’t show any discernible sign of awe at this demonstration, Sebastian’s lips curled slightly into a frown.
“It’s a little rowdy in here and the folks present aren’t the most well-mannered,” he said, leaning forward to grab one of the mugs filled with beer in the center of the table. “Excuse me for my subordinates’ behavior. Bothering you like that when you’ve finally sat down to rest, I’ll have to reprimand them.”
Olfred reached forward, his large hand gripping the handle of the mug tightly. “It’s not a problem. Thank you for the hospitality here at the inn.”
“Hospitality?” The balding conjurer looked at the masked lance incredulously before letting out a snort. “You and I both know that this sort of place is fit for mud hogs.”
The masked lance let out a chuckle before taking a swig from his mug.
It was obvious that Sebastian was staring at Olfred’s head, trying to get a peek at what his face looked like underneath the mask.
“Is something the matter?” the lance replied after noticing.
Sebastian shrugged nonchalantly as he sipped from his mug as well. “Just curious about the story behind your mask. I’ve seen adventurers wear them from time to time but never nobles.”
Olfred scratched his head. “Is it very obvious that I’m a noble?”
“Well, it takes one to know one,” Sebastian said proudly.
“I figured,” the lance nodded.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>“Judging by your kempt appearance and magical prowess, you seemed out of place here as well.”
Compared to the nasty men, most of whom were dressed in rags, Sebastian really did look off with his richly-dyed doublet and hose.
Sebastian’s eyes twinkled in delight at Olfred’s flattery. “Indeed. I’d take it to offense if you had thought of me as the same as those imps.”
The masked lance banged his mug back on the table. “I’d be a fool if I did!”
Throughout the rest of the conversation, it seemed as though the two of them had really hit it off. Whether Olfred was really good at acting or he actually found Sebastian amiable I wasn’t sure, but after a few more mugs of ale, Sebastian was a red, hiccuping mess. That’s when his true personality came out.
“So… what kind of girl ar-are you looking for?” Sebastian asked, his eyes glazed.
“What makes you think I’m looking for a girl?” Olfred responded with one had practically glued to a mug of alcohol.
The balding conjurer let out a giggle as he pointed a finger at the masked lance. “Please. My subordinates told me how you practically lit up when they mentioned I had elves and dwarves in stock.”
Olfred paused for a moment, and I was almost afraid the lance was going to say something he shouldn’t.
“And what if I am?” Olfred replied, his deep voice coming out slurred.
Sebastian held up both his hands in a placating gesture. “I don’t judge. What’s the point of having money and power if you can’t splurge it on what you want.”
“Of course!” Olfred slammed his mug on the wooden table but then let out a deep sigh. “It’s because of those damned entitled noble women looking down on me.”
<i>Where is he going with this?</i>
Leaning forward on the table, Olfred pointed at his mask. “Do you know the real reason why I wear this stifling mask? It’s because I have scars all over my face from a house fire.”
“Oh really now?” Sebastian asked, intrigued.
“Yeah, and the worst thing is, that incident happened to me when I was still a teen. The injuries I got to my leg stunted my growth, so not only is my face disfigured, but I’m now even a head shorter than my own damned slave!” Olfred shot a finger at me as I stood there, baffled.
Even while knowing Olfred’s true identity, I couldn’t help but second guess whether this incident had really happened at some point in the lance’s life.
<i>‘He’s very believable,’</i> Sylvie commented, overhearing their conversation.
<i>I’ll say. </i>
“Don’t even get me started!” Sebastian finished off another mug of ale and set it down before wiping the foam around his lips. “When I was serving the royal family, women rushed at the chance to get in bed with me, but after being relieved from the position, those same tramps treated me like some sort of insect!”
“You served the royal family?” Olfred exclaimed. “Why did you retire?”
Sebastian gnashed his teeth, his knuckles turning white from how hard he was gripping the mug. “Because of that damned brat.”
“Brat? What brat?” Olfred asked.
The beady-eyed mage threw his mug on the ground, which shattered upon impact. This drew wary gazes from the nearby tables. The rest of the tavern that was once blurred from Sebastian’s noise-dampening spell grew clearer because of his inebriated state.
“I’m a dual-attribute conjurer, almost at the solid orange stage, yet the only respect I can get is from these dirty primitives!” he exclaimed, waving his arm at the vile-looking men and the few women who didn’t look much better inside the tavern.
Olfred raised his glass in the air. “To those shallow and wretched snakes! May they wrinkle and sag like the loose rags they are!”
Sebastian snorted gleefully as he laughed at the lance’s toast. “I knew I found a good man when I saw you coming in through those doors! Now let’s get you some brand new toys to play with!”
The two of them staggered out of the tavern. Sebastian was barely able to walk with the limp on his leg that I had broken when I was still a child.
“Hey, you. Come over here.” He gestured at me as he leaned against the wall of the tavern.
I silently abided and walked over to the intoxicated conjurer when he suddenly flung his arm around my shoulder, leaning heavily against me. “You don’t mind if I use your slave as a walking stick, do you Cladence?”
“Of course not. That’s what slaves are for,” Olfred replied as I swallowed the ever-growing urge to break Sebastian’s other leg.
<i>‘This man is really testing my patience,’ </i>Sylvie said with a simmering anger that matched mine.
The three of us walked out of the tavern with the portly woman and bearded man trailing closely behind. I practically had to carry the lanky conjurer as his limp leg dragged on the ground.
“You know… it took me months to be able to tolerate this tawdry outpost, but I don’t miss my old standing,” Sebastian droned as we made our way down the dim streets of Ashber. “The people here, they do more than just respect me—they fear me. I’m a god to them.”
The drunk conjurer patted my cheek condescendingly as he gazed upward to see my face from within my hood. “You saw my magic earlier, right? I can kill you with the snap of my fingers.”
<i>Endure it, Arthur. Just for now. </i>
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
When I didn’t respond, Sebastian continued to hit my cheeks with his palm, each slap getting a little stronger. “Are you deaf, or are you disrespecting me because of my leg?”
“Don’t mind him,” Olfred said, putting a hand on Sebastian’s shoulder. “The boy can’t speak.”
“Bah! Cladence, what’s the use of keeping damaged goods like him?” the balding conjurer spat. “How about I do you a favor and buy him off of you? I have a few gents that have a thing for boys like him.”
“Tempting!” the lance replied, stumbling on his own legs. “But he’s not mine. He’s my father’s, and the last time I pawned off one of his things, he cut me off from his money for a whole month!”
“S-See?” Sebastian hiccupped. “That’s the kind of thing I don’t miss. “Family money is good and all, but it’s not truly yours. My wealth is my own. One-hundred percent mine!”
Olfred nodded. “Truly enviable.”
We traveled toward the other end of town through unnamed streets littered with worn-down hovels and alleyways filled with piles of garbage. Throughout the way, the drunk conjurer tripped countlessly on the neglected streets filled with cracks and potholes, and each time, he would let loose a string of curses at me.
“Thank the heavens that you weren’t my slave. Something about you just pisses me off,” he spat as he glared at me through glossed eyes, unaware that if he had been sober and bothered to look carefully, he might’ve recognized who I was.
I could feel a violent fury building up, but it wasn’t mine. Sylvie, still hidden in the depths of my cloak, was on the verge of exploding when we had finally arrived.
In front of us was a wide single-story building of solid stone. Just from a cursory glance, the structure appeared over two-hundred feet across and several dozens of feet wide. There were two guards lazily sitting against the wall beside the front entrance.
I was sure a building this big hadn’t existed in Ashber when I lived here, which raised the questions: Did Sebastian have this built? And if he did, how many slaves did he capture for him to require such a large prison?
The guards scrambled up to their feet, awkwardly saluting out of sync. “Sir!”
Their gazes flickered in suspicion between me, their boss that was leaning heavily against me, and the masked Olfred. One of the guards had his hand already gripping the hilt of his crude machete-like sword that was strapped to his back.
“Open the damned doors, useless fools!” Sebastian barked. “We have a customer.”
“Yes, sir!” they answered in sync this time before pulling apart the two sliding metal doors.
<i>I guess I’ll find out just how many slaves he’s holding here soon enough,</i> I thought as I lugged Sebastian in through the entrance with Olfred just beside me.
The smell hit me first. A concoction of foul odors was amplified by the damp, sticky air caused by a lack of proper ventilation. Even Olfred noticeably recoiled from the stench while Sebastian merely waved his hands in front of his nose. There was little visible beside the flickering lights and the trapdoor on the ground a few yards to our right.
<i>‘Something doesn’t feel right,’</i> Sylvie warned.
<i>I feel it too but then again, if you think about where we are, it’d be weird for it to seem normal,</i> I replied, taking another step. My chest tightened and the hair on my skin stood on end, but I ignored my body’s protest. If I was going to come back and save the people held here, I had to know its layout and approximately how many were imprisoned.
“Did someone die in here again?” he said angrily.
A thin, scraggly man uniformed in overalls and a dirty apron came running out from one of the dimly-lit aisles of cells. “Sir! My apologies for the smell. I was just cleaning up!”
Sebastian finally pried himself away from me, standing on his own with the wooden cane that the portly woman had been carrying for him. “What’s happened?”
The beady-eyed conjurer began limping down the center aisle, checking on each of the prison cells that I assumed had slaves inside. It was eerie how silent this place was. There were no wails of sorrow or cries for help. I studied every one of them as I followed behind Sebastian with Olfred. Every one of them was clothed in rags, huddled in the far corner of their cell. When they looked over at us, I got shivers from the dark, vacant eyes they all shared.
<i>Don’t look, </i>I sent to Sylvie as she rustled up from the inside of my cloak.
<i>‘It’s that bad,’</i> Sylvie replied, more so as a statement than a question.
I grit my teeth. <i>They’re treated worse than livestock.</i>
“It was one of the pregnant woman,” the cleaner replied as he put down the mop that he had been holding before following after his boss. “She died giving birth.”
“The baby. Did it live?” Sebastian asked, unfazed.
“We’ll have to wait a few more days to know for sure, but the newborn girl seems healthy as of now.”
Sebastian nodded in approval. “Excellent. The newborn will be worth more than that tramp anyway.”
As the conjurer slowly hobbled through the aisles, I noticed the different reactions from each of the slaves. A few shivered uncontrollably as Sebastian passed by, others had spiteful glares, some just had distant, hollow gazes.
“The dwarves and elves are held further down, but”— Sebastian spun around to face Olfred, a lewd smirk on his thin pasty face— “do you see anyone you’re just dying to get your hands on?”
The masked lance raised a hand. “As a matter of fact…”
Before I could even react, the earth beneath Sebastian began enveloping, covering his feet and creeping up his legs.
“Huh?” Sebastian let out as he tried to pry himself from the rising earth.
I whipped my head toward the masked lance. “What are you doing?”
The lance remained silent as he continued his spell. It was slow, but he was doing it on purpose. I could see the conjurer wide-eyed with fear and confusion.
“W-What are you idiots doing! Get them!” the conjurer readied his wooden cane to fire at Olfred when he let out a shrill scream of agony. The earth that had consumed his legs and was continuing to rise up his body began turning a dark red. A faint sizzle could be heard amidst his screams as the smell of burning flesh reached my nose.
The spell that Olfred had cast on Sebastian wasn’t to trap him—it was to slowly torture him.
“Olfred!” I called out to no avail. The janitor had scrambled as far away as possible from Sebastian. I could hear the footsteps of the two subordinates behind us.
“Damn it,” I hissed, spinning around in time to catch the burly man’s arm just before his dagger reached the lance.
I doubt the feeble attempt would’ve done him any harm, but nonetheless, these two were problems.
“Out of the way!” the brute spat as he swung his other arm.
Without a shred of hesitation, I drove a fist into the man’s arm. A sharp snap rang from the collision just before his hand fell limp by his side.
The bearded man let out a howl of pain, dropping his dagger to cradle his broken arm.
I caught his rusty dagger as it fell and swept my leg just below the portly woman’s knees. She crumpled to the floor but before she could get back up, I drove her companion’s dagger into her hand, skewering her to the ground.
I looked over my shoulder to see how Sebastian had fared against the lance, but all I saw was a statue of molten lava in the shape of the thin conjurer. He was dead, encased in a tomb of hardened magma.
“What the hell!” I snapped, grabbing the masked lance’s shoulder. “Even if you wanted him dead, you could’ve killed him without using deviant magic. What are you going to do if the Vritra senses what happened here?”
“Your worries are in vain,” Olfred said calmly, taking off his mask.
Confused, I activated Realmheart. I wanted to see just how much mana fluctuation was caused by the lance’s spell, and if it was possible that we could remain hidden despite this setback.
However, what I saw baffled me even more. There were particles of mana erratically moving around Sebastian’s corpse, but there were also fluctuations of mana all around us. Either a wide-scale spell had been used or a battle took place here recently.
I whirled around, vision shaky and palms clammy. My instincts had already sensed what was happening even before I saw the familiar Vritra approaching me.


Chapter 174

Chapter 174
Chapter 174: Mother Earth's Embrace
The figure walked with a confident gait, his lanky arms messily wrapped in black bandages dangling by his side. He had a slight hunch, which made him look a bit shorter than he actually was, but he still stood well over seven feet. Even before he had walked close enough for me to make out his face, I already knew who he was.
How could I forget the retainer that had killed the lance I replaced?
“Uto,” I said calmly despite my raging insides.
His dark lips split into a sinister smile. “Hello, boy wonder.”
“Retainer Uto,” Olfred greeted with an unnaturally stiff bow.
I restrained my urge to let out a scoff at the lance. Despite the turn of events, I was actually relieved the retainer that had come was Uto. Unlike Cylrit or any other Vritra, his motive was obvious.
Uto ignored the dwarven lance as he crept closer to me with outstretched arms. “You can’t imagine how excited I am to have you here.”
“Really?” I smirked, playing along. “I was actually expecting a different retainer.”
I could see Olfred react out of the corner of my eye.
“Oh?” Uto dipped his head so his gaze was level with mine. His pale grey nose was practically touching mine. “You seem to know a bit more than I thought you would.”
With Realmheart still active, I could clearly make out his aura, the brilliant nimbus of power crackling and popping chaotically like his very nature. But even without it, I could feel the pressure in the air around him. A palpable tension that was squeezing the air out of my lungs.
<i>‘The two humans,’ </i>Sylvie reminded from within my cloak.
The two subordinates of the petrified Sebastian were in a fit of spasms as they stared wide-eyed at Uto. They didn’t know who he was; their bodies were only<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>able to feel the might of the being in front of them.
“Let’s take our fight elsewhere,” I said simply, turning my gaze back to the Vritra.
Uto tilted his head. “Fight? Why do you think that a lesser like you is worth my time at all?”
“Because <i>you’re </i>here,” I answered, losing my patience. “If all you wanted to do was kill me or capture me quickly, then I’m sure Olfred with a few of your soldiers would have sufficed.”
The retainer didn’t answer, his gaze looking… unamused.
Suddenly, he burst out into a fit of laughter. “I can see why so many of you try so hard to keep your motives hidden. For times like these when it should be a surprise.”
He turned around and made a dismissive gesture. “Lead the way.”
“Retainer Uto!” Olfred blurted. “Lord Rahdeas’ instructions were to deal with this one cleanly to minimize chances of—”
The lance didn’t even get the chance to finish as he let out a nasally scream in pain. A black spike had shot up from the ground beneath Olfred, skewer the lance’s nose.
“Do you think I give a lesser’s ass about what your traitorous master thinks is the best course of action?” Uto spat, looking over his shoulder before he continued walking toward the door.
I checked up on the two subordinates. They were unconscious but still breathing. As I made my way toward the entrance I had come in from, I checked on as many of the slaves as I could.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>Most of them were out cold and the ones that were conscious were probably in a state no better off than the ones that weren’t. I took one last look at Olfred, who had erected a stone pillar below his feet to get high enough to dislodge his nose from the black spike.
Despite my suspicions, this short trip had been filled with a faint hope that my doubts weren’t true. Now that they were, it was difficult to wrap my head around the emotions manifesting inside me. I was never good at it in my previous life, and I thought I had gotten a little better in this life, but apparently not quite enough.
I broke one of the three beads that Aya had given me, activating its effect before tossing it into the large trapdoor by the entrance.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>Olfred’s eyes grew wide as he saw this, knowing exactly what it meant.
<span class="s1"><b>OLFRED WAREND</b></span>
I cursed, berating myself for the turn of events. To think <i>she</i> would be nearby. There was no time.
Rubbing my punctured nose that had already begun to heal, I descended into the ground. The earth obeyed, parting beneath me to make a path to the floor underneath the building that served as a cover.
I dropped to the underground floor below, causing several of the soldiers around to shout in surprise.
The underground level I had made was vastly larger than the prison structure above it. Here, thousands of soldiers were able to rest on standby.
“Evacuate the premises immediately,” I ordered, my voice echoing off the large chamber walls.
A mixture of responses. The Alacryan Soldiers glanced at one another while others blatantly ignored my command. Both they and I were fighting for the same cause, but because this was the continent where I had been born, they saw me as a traitor unfit to lead them despite the gap in power and experience.
I repeated my order once more, this time causing the earth around us to quake. We had no time.
Soldiers began slowly filing toward the stairs leading back up to the surface. I helped them by erecting a few more staircases, but when the light artifacts hung all around the walls started to burst one by one, I knew it was too late.
I cursed, erecting a dozen magma knights around me, but the chamber had darkened to a near pitch-black state.
Yells of confusion from the soldiers bounced off the walls that once served as protection and cover. Now I feared these men were in a prison.
I shrouded myself in a protective barrier of mana while sending out pulses throughout the underground chamber in hopes of locating her.
“Come out, Aya. There will be another Vritra—a scythe—coming soon. If you flee now, I can ensure that you’ll make it out alive.” I tried reasoning with her. I felt no remorse for these soldiers of foreign descent, but they were part of a bigger plan and time was running out. If Aya escaped and was able to notify the asura—Aldir—of my betrayal, it would be easy for him to simply kill me just by invoking the artifact I was bound by, but at this point though, I might prefer that over what she might do here.
“So caring.”
Her whisper brushed against my ear—as if she was right beside me.
My magma knight promptly lashed out with its sword.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>A burning arc of lava launched in the direction of Aya’s whisper only for it to crash into the far wall. The attack scattered into glowing sparks upon impact, lighting up the darkened room for just a second. That’s when I noticed it.
Mist.
The entire underground chamber was submerged in a thick layer of swirling mist that almost seemed to have a mind of its own. And within this mist, chaos ensued.
Sporadic flashes of spells lit up the vast chamber as the soldiers began retaliating against the intruder, but even those became less frequent as Aya got to work.
“I have to thank you for trapping this many Alacryans in one place,” she whispered again, this time beside my other ear. “It makes my job much simpler.”
“Enough with your tricks and illusions!” I roared. “Come out and fight me face to face! Have you no shame as a lance?”
“Shame?” Aya’s voice echoed in unison from at least twelve different locations at once. “It’s a matter of common sense, dear. Why would I throw away one of the few advantages I have?”
There was a levity in her words that came off as arrogant in this situation. She was always like that. No ounce of seriousness in her ever-present facade.
“You leave me no choice,” I replied through gritted teeth. “Getting rid of a lance will at least make up for my error.”
I slammed my palm down into the ground, creating chasms all around the floor and walls of the chamber that lit up a fiery red. The temperature within my newly created domain rose drastically, while the glowing magma spilling out from chasms brightened the underground expanse.
The mist that filled the area was slowly evaporating while my senses became sharp. Aya’s spell worked much like the mist present in the Forest of Elshire, except it also served as an anchor for her to freely and near-instantly traverse.
Despite the increasing amounts of fire and earth mana surrounding me, it didn’t look good. My first instinct would’ve been to escape into an open space where I could at least escape from the mist, but that would mean abandoning the thousand or so soldiers trapped here. I was tempted to just raise the entire underground chamber to the surface, but that would mean destroying the building above us. I would not shed innocent blood, especially that of my own kind.
I scanned my surroundings. Much of what I could make out was obscured by the mist but the earth told me how many were at least on their feet and how many lay either dead or incapacitated. In this short time, more than a fourth had already fallen.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
I cursed once more, but regretted doing so immediately after when an airy chuckle resounded beside me.
“Is the impregnable mental fortress of Olfred Warend slowly crumbling?” Aya whispered behind me this time.
A group of soldiers in a defensive position was firing out spells before each began dropping to the ground, clutching their necks.
<i>I won’t be able to protect anyone at this rate,</i> I thought just before a stampede of horned wyrms suddenly appeared in deadly fervor.
I ignored the illusions. Instead, I willed three of the rifts on the ground to erupt. Three blasts of molten lava coalesced into a fiery collision where I had sensed Aya’s mana fluctuation.
My spell hit.
“As expected. Can’t let my guard down against you,” she chuckled, shimmering into view. Aya was clutching her burned arm.
Meanwhile, screams of horror and shock echoed from the soldiers who weren’t able to distinguish between what was real and what were her sick illusions.
“Your illusions are as sadistic as always, Aya,” I spat in disgust. “That sick habit of torturing your victims is why you are always ostracized—even amongst your own people.”
“I saw that lovely statue you made up there,” Aya replied, fading from view. “If you ask me, I’d much rather have my breath sucked out of my lungs than be slowly burned to death in a molten tomb.”
“That filth deserved it.” I erected another magma knight in the location of her voice. “I gave him the same fate as those he chose to enslave for monetary gains.”
“Is that the same logic that led you to betray Dicathen?” Her tone was sharp, which was rare for Aya.
“You elves have never understood the hardships that our people go through. Even after your war with the humans, dwarves are <i>still</i> treated as lower class. Just because our people would rather hone our magical abilities to create rather than to destroy, we are belittled and taken advantage of. I trust the decision Lord Rahdeas chose to make in joining arms with the Vritra and their Alacryan army.”
“Do you think the Vritra would care for Rahdeas and your people? The Vritras and all the other asuras call us lessers because we’re nothing to them!” She hissed with more emotion than I’d ever seen her display. “You’ve read the report we were given, weren’t you? How the Vritra experimented with the Alacryans in order to enhance their army to fight against the other asura clans! They want to do the same here, to your—to <i>our </i>people. Dwarves, humans and elves alike!”
<i>Now!</i>
I siphoned as much mana as I could afford, creating a devastating blast of fire and stone around me.
The illusory mist dissipated to reveal the elven lance.
She tilted her head. “Did you give up on protecting the Alacyrans?”
“The ones left are dead. The others have escaped through the tunnels I created while you were so busy lecturing me,” I answered.
Aya still wore her mask of apathy, but I could tell by the slight twitch in her brow that she had miscalculated.
Without hesitation, I rushed toward her. Aya retaliated, dashing back back while hurling crescents of compressed air at me. However, I was no longer in a situation where I had others to protect.
Slabs of lava from the ground and walls around us began gravitating around me, enveloping me to form a protective suit of molten armor. The compressed blades of air chipped away at my magical armor but new slabs of molten rock filled in the gaps.
The magma lances I had summoned all dashed toward the elven lance, their weapons ablaze, but Aya was too fast. Even without the mist shrouding her movements, she was able to easily outmaneuver the golems and reduce them to pebbles at the same time.
Time seemed to slow as we fought. I couldn’t match her speed, but she couldn’t overcome my defenses.
“It seems we’re at a stalemate,” I said as I regenerated another crack in my armor.
Aya had patches of raw skin from where my magma had managed to burn through her defensive aura, but she was still relatively unwounded.
“Well, if this duel goes on for another hour or so, you might actually have the upper hand,” she said with a cheery smile that didn’t quite reach her eyes.
“Like I said before. Another Vritra is coming soon. It’s not too late for you to run away.”
She replied by hurling a barrage of air blades from all directions.
Ignoring the damage to my armor that was already repairing itself, I shaped the magma in my left arm into a jagged lance.
I struck at Aya while simultaneously conjuring spikes of lava from the ground beneath and wall behind her.
For a moment, I thought that my attack had landed successfully, until her body faded into wisps of air.
<i>Curse her illusions.</i>
The battle continued but it seemed like Aya had no intention of beating me. Her attacks grew less confident. It seemed like she was losing mana but my instincts kept me cautious. She was planning something.
I let my guard down purposely, hoping she’d get in closer range.
She took the bait, flickering right above me with a whirlwind of air concentrated into a spear-like point around her arm. She struck the crown of my helmet, shattering it and nearly piercing through my head as well.
Reacting instantly, the suit of magma protecting me began wrapping around Aya’s arm, keeping her in place. The elf’s eyes widened in horror as I pierced her with a mana-infused hand.
Aya tried to talk but only stuttered gasps came out as I twisted my bloodied arm inside to ensure she wouldn’t survive. “You’re strong and resourceful, Aya, but patience was never your strong suit. If it is of any consolation, I never wished for it to come to this.”
I tugged back my arm but it wouldn’t budge.
That’s when I saw it—the thin, hair-like strands of mana attached all over my suit.
I immediately tried to sever the thin strands of mana, but my attacks went straight through them.
“You’re right,” Ayas voice whispered beside me. This time, it was really her. “I <i>am</i> rather resourceful.”
She had mentioned to me once about a spell she had been developing, but to think she was able to do <i>this</i>.
The strands of mana glowed and I felt the air in my lungs convulse. I was still breathing only because she willed it. I now realized that throughout our fight, she had been carefully biding time for this moment.
“Surprised?” she said. “I needed a way for the ever-vigilant Olfred to weaken his defenses, and the only way you’d do that is when you think you have the upper hand. It also helped that your huge suit of rock kept your senses dull.”
The thin strands of mana that connected to the tips of her fingers glowed once more and a sharp pain pierced my chest.
However, rather than kill me, she continued talking, basking in her victory. “I remember you have a fascination with my magic, Olfred. Regardless of race, everyone’s body has a natural protection against foreign magic. It’s why water mages can’t just drain a human’s body of their fluids or why earth mages can’t just manipulate the iron in someone’s blood.”
“Every capable mage is aware of that basic premise, but to be able to establish a link to directly manipulate someone’s body using mana… how?”
“It doesn’t matter,” she replied curtly.
My lungs shuddered as I forced out one last deep breath. Despite my level of strength, this feeling of my breathing being <i>allowed</i> by someone else was nothing short of terrifying.
I raised my hands in submission as I slowly turned to face Aya. Her usually gentle eyes were sharp—the same way they were toward her enemies. “I know just by your gaze that my fate is sealed. And it would be unreasonable for me to ask you to have mercy on Lord Rahdeas, but please spare Mica. She had no part in this. I had to drug her in case she somehow found her way here.”
Aya’s brows twitched ever-so-slightly in thought before answering, “I’ll keep it in mind but that’s not up to me to decide.”
I replied with a nod. That was the best answer I could hope to get. “Despite our disagreements, it was an honor working with you.”
I thought I saw a sliver of remorse in those cold eyes, but I would never be able to confirm. My breath left me as if it was ripped out of my lungs. My vision darkened as I felt the cold grasp of Mother Earth pull me back into her embrace.


Chapter 175

Chapter 175
Chapter 175: Appeared
ARTHUR LEYWIN
A glimpse of the dawning sun could be seen behind the Grand Mountains, casting a large shadow over the glades, a flat plain of grass with large boulders and splintered logs scattered throughout the area.
This place appeared to be a part of the surrounding forest long ago before an avalanche had struck. Snow still lingered, hiding in patches in the shadows of the debris of fallen trees.
Uto stood a dozen or so yards away, swinging his arms as if doing a morning stretch.
<i>‘Arthur.’ </i>Sylvie’s voice was filled with unease.
<i>I know,</i> I replied, taking off my woolen cloak. <i>Even I can already sense the difference between him and the other retainer we fought. </i>
“Do you know what motivates an enemy the most?” Uto asked, stretching his long, thin neck.
I didn’t answer. Instead, I took out Dawn’s Ballad from my dimension ring and withdrew it from its scabbard.
“You don’t know? I’ve found that it’s an enemy seeking revenge that retaliates with the most… gusto,” he answered nonchalantly.
An ethereal glow enveloped the teal blade of my sword despite the lack of light around us. Seeing the jagged remains of the broken tip still sent an ache to my heart, but I knew that even in this condition, Dawn’s Ballad was still the best weapon I could hope for right now.
I raised my gaze to match Uto’s before answering. “You think this is a battle for revenge?”
“Isn’t it?” he shrugged, taking a step closer as he tapped his chipped horn. “You were pretty riled up when you found out that I was the one responsible for killing that elf.”
“My first time meeting her was when she was dying,” I replied, taking a step forward as well. “So revenge wouldn’t be quite my motivator. I simply consider you someone that needs to be disposed of.”
Uto frowned. “Well that’s disappointing. Here I was, so excited that you’d be hell-bent on using every ounce of your being to seek vengeance for your comrade, companion, or even possibly lover—scratch that, you’re a little too young for her, unless she’s into that kind of…”
The lanky retainer continued to mumble on in his fantasy until he abruptly clapped his hands together. “Aha! Grandpa elf! His precious granddaughter is around your age, isn’t she? Considering how close you are to that family, it would make more sense for you to fancy her than that elven lan—”
The sickle-shaped blade of frost that I had launched at the lanky retainer dissipated after hitting a black spike that had manifested from the ground in front of him. The ink-stained metal spikes froze on impact but remained whole.
“See? It’s that kind of rage and impatience that I was looking forward to.” He snapped his fingers in regret. “I should’ve killed the little elf princess or maybe a family member of yours before waiting all the way out here for you to show up.”
“Are you done?” I asked through gritted teeth, holding my sword out in an offensive stance.
Uto merely shrugged. “You may as well have that little bond of yours come out. You’re going to need all the help you can get.”
“Come out, Sylvie,” I said aloud while my gaze remained locked on the retainer.
My bond hopped out of my cloak, her eyes sharp and fur-like scales bristled.
“It’s a shame that the circumstances surrounding us aren’t as well-knit as I thought they’d be, Pup. That elemental blast you shot at me before leaving when we first met left a deep impression, you see. It made me think that I hurt you deeply—personally.” Uto let out a deep, exaggerated breath. “No matter. Let’s see if you can humor me for at least a few minutes.”
Uto took a step forward, but unlike the casual saunter he had before, the space around him suddenly distorted.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>His presence became almost palpable in the air as each step sent ripples of vibrations into the ground.
I immediately unleashed Realmheart while Sylvie shifted into her draconic form.
“A wyvern?” Uto asked, tilting his head.
With Sylvie’s powers sealed since birth by Sylvia, she just resembled a very powerful mana beast, but no more than that. I had stayed cautious since the war, but it was a relief seeing how even a retainer couldn’t tell.
“Why? Does that scare you?” I pushed.
He responded with a wicked sneer before he nonchalantly flicked his right hand.
With Realmheart amplifying my affinity to the ambient mana surrounding us, my body <i>sensed</i> the disturbance in front of me before I could actually see. Sylvie and I both dashed in opposite directions just in time to dodge the barrage of black spikes that had instantly manifested below us.
The ground that we had just been standing on now looked like the back of a really large and angry porcupine with each of the seven-foot spikes gleaming menacingly.
“Brandish your weapon, <i>Pup!</i>” he spat, siphoning a large black harpoon from the center of his palm.
I brought Dawn’s Ballad close to my side as I pointed the weapon’s fractured tip at Uto. The runes glowing on my arm burned with a comforting warmth as I began coalescing the mana surrounding me.
The blade of my sword shimmered in a scintillating array of colors as I infused ice, fire, lightning and wind. It was only because the weapon was Dawn’s Ballad that it was able to hold strong despite the overbearing amount of mana being loaded into it.
<i>Let’s go!</i> I charged with Sylvie by my side.
I held my sword low as I dashed toward the retainer. The ground beneath my weapon splintered beneath its aura, but ruining nature was the least of my concern.
With a manic grin, Uto charged as well, his harpoon arm recoiled like a snake ready to lash out.
In an instant, my blade met his, creating a spherical wave from the sheer concussive force of our impact. The elements infused in my blade surged out but Uto held on effortlessly.
He waggled his eyebrows while our weapons were still intertwined. “Not bad.”
<i>‘Duck,’</i> Sylvie ordered.
Immediately following up, my bond lashed out with her long tail, hitting him square in the sides as soon as I dropped to the ground.
Uto flew to the side, slamming into a nearby boulder which shattered upon impact.
The veil of debris had yet to clear when I flourished Dawn’s Ballad. A polychromed crescent of mana ripped out from my blade, slicing the very cloud of dust as it traveled.
The earth shook violently as my attack indented a large chunk of the ground. The shockwave dropped the row of trees closest to Uto.
<i>‘He’s still alive,’ </i> Sylvie, who was already prepared for her next attack, informed.
I lowered myself, weaving more mana around my body in case of a surprise strike, but rather than a retaliation at our barrage, a laugh rang from within the depressed cavity of the ground. Again, I saw the flickering fluctuations of mana around me. Thin spikes conjured out from thin air while large pillars of the black metal fired out from the shadows beneath boulders and the fallen logs.
I parried the thin spikes with Dawn’s Ballad, which sent a jarring amount of force up my arms. Meanwhile, Sylvie knocked aside the thick pillars that had sprouted from the darker shadows. Her thick scales managed to withstand most of the attack, but the sheer volume and intensity of Uto’s sudden barrage left both of us wounded and bleeding.
<i>Don’t heal us,</i> I ordered when Sylvie gathered mana into her breath. <i>Not yet, at least. </i>
Fortunately, the spikes weren’t laced with poison, but it was almost unfair how the retainer was able to conjure them out of thin air.
Even advanced earth mages had to shape the earth around them before firing them out. Uto seemed to be able to just manifest his attacks wherever he pleased.
“I expected more, Pup,” Uto sighed as he walked out of the depression of earth that I had created from my last attack.
<i>Defend my back,</i> I sent Sylvie, siphoning more mana out of my mana core and into my body. I could see my long hair turn white as I fell deeper into the Realmheart Physique. The runes became more complex and I could feel its mark branded on my back as well. The mana around me seemed eager to obey my thoughts. They twirled around me, forming seamlessly into spells that would normally take immense concentration.
Dawn’s Ballad was emblazoned in a silver aura of frost while my left fist crackled with tendrils of black lightning.
Uto’s brows were knitted, but he had no time for thoughts as I soon arrived, unleashing a torrent of attacks. My crystalline sword was no more than a blur, leaving only streaks of silver in its path. I weaved in punches, elbows, knees and kicks like how Kordri had taught me in our years of training. For every time I swung Dawn’s Ballad, he instantly countered with a black spike, which froze and shattered on impact. Meanwhile Sylvie stayed close behind, her limbs a flurry of scales and claws as she hacked and ripped away at the neverending barrage of black spikes Uto conjured. Soon, the area around us became a ruin of frozen rubble and severed spikes of black metal.
<i>‘This isn’t good, Arthur. Uto’s attacks are firing in greater volume,’</i> Sylvie grunted.
My eyes remained locked on the retainer, who had yet to receive a single wound. Every time it seemed like I was about to land an attack, a black slate of metal would form around the area, protecting his body.
<i>I’ll have to kick it up a notch. </i>
The thick tendrils of black lightning coiled around my arm receded at my beckon. I internalized the lightning magic, heightening my reaction time by reinforcing my very neurons with lightning magic.
The very world seemed to slow. My senses were heightened—almost overwhelming. Colors seemed to pop while the tiny particles of mana visible through Realmheart came alive.
I swung Dawn’s Ballad once more as I easily dipped under Uto’s thrust. Just as my blade was about connect with Uto’s exposed side, I saw it.
I saw the retainer’s black spike magic that once seemed instant, rapidly coalesce just where my attack was about to hit. Immediately, I redirected my strike upward just below his arm.
I could see the ghastly mana moving—reacting—to my new attack. But it didn’t reach in time. I feigned my attack once more, instead driving my fist into his sternum.
The retainer buckled over from the attack. He took a step back to keep himself upright while a thin trail of fluid too dark to be blood trickled down the side of his mouth.
Surprised that my attack had actually connected, I paused for a beat before lunging forward with another strike.
<i>It’s in the shadows, Sylv! </i>I screamed internally. <i>Those black spikes can only manifest in areas of darkness. That’s why his spells are always more powerful when they come out from darker places like from underneath a boulder or a log. </i>
Uto’s hand blurred. It <i>blurred</i>. Despite being in Realmheart and having Thunderclap Impulse heightning my reactions, I couldn’t fully see his strike.
His fist hit me like a train. Even with the density of mana protecting my body, I felt myself flicker in and out of consciousness. By the time I had collected myself, I was twenty feet from my previous position with my back up against the shattered trunk of a tree.
Sylvie was holding Uto off, the blood from her fresh wounds coating her black scales. With her abilities sealed by Sylvia, she wasn’t able to keep up with Uto any more than I was able to, even with her superior defenses.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
Getting up, I pondered once more whether or not to rely on Burst Step to outmaneuver Uto, but Sylvie’s sharp tone cut me off.
<i>‘You’ll be crippled for the rest of your life if you use Burst Step again!’</i>
<i>It’s better than dying here, isn’t it?</i> I sent back, frustration dripping from my voice.
<i>‘There are better options to explore before we use that!’ </i>she hissed as she twisted her large body, avoiding Uto’s attack. She batted the retainer away with her wing before launching herself directly at me. <i>‘Get ready!’</i>
Realizing that she wasn’t going to stop, I leaped and latched myself onto the base of her neck just before she kicked off the ground. We near-instantly cleared a hundred feet and continued to fly higher.
<i>What’s your plan?</i>
<i>‘Like you said, it’s the shade! He’s able to manifest those metal spikes from wherever he wants from the shadows,’</i> she explained, just as we reached the height where the mountain wasn’t blocking the sun.
I winced at the bright rays but I immediately knew what Sylvie had intended.
<i>We were fighting in a giant shadow!</i>
<i>‘Exactly. That’s how he was able to conjure his attacks from wherever he pleased. If we fight him here, he’ll be much more limited in where he can attack.’</i>
I steadily stood up on Sylvie’s back. She and I had never fought together like this. In my previous world, I had to spend hours training to fight on horseback and I imagined that to be much easier than fighting hundreds of feet above the ground on a flying dragon.
I barely had enough time to find my balance on top of Sylvie when Uto appeared just a few feet above us with a black spear in hand.
The once black spear that glistened like metal looked dull now that he had to rely on the shadow his body cast as an anchor for his spells.
Careful not to hurt Sylvie, I pushed myself off her back as I enveloped my body in a spherical whirlwind.
Activating Thunderclap Impulse once more, I barrelled straight into the retainer’s spear. Sylvie had been right; with the lack of shade, his attacks didn’t come from all directions—only from the parts of his body facing away from the sun. Black spikes jutted out of his body, but the spikes weren’t nearly as dense or imposing.
“You’re pretty smart, Pup. I’m glad you know my weakness,” Uto said, his voice muffled by the wind.
It was awkward fighting in the air.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>Just like how Uto was restrained by the lack of shade, I was limited by the fact that I wasn’t able to fly. Sylvie would maneuver herself around me, acting as a platform to jump off.
<i>Try not to stay too close in case Uto tries to use the shadow your body casts, </i>I sent Sylvie as I rushed in for another attack.
With Thunderclap Impulse’s effects further enhanced by Realmheart, I thought we would be able to win. Trails of ichor leaked from the shallow wounds I managed to inflict on Uto but what unsettled me was his expression.
His face that had once been of manic glee had mellowed into that of… boredom.
“Even with this big handicap, you haven’t been able to land a single meaningful hit,” he said, his voice somber. “It’s… disappointing.”
“Sorry, but I’m not fighting you to impress you,” I spat, spinning around. The fractured tip of Dawn’s Ballad sunk into Uto’s chest. I surged out the mana coalesced into the blade and Uto’s entire body became engulfed in frost, fire, lightning and wind.
I kept my grip on my sword as I felt the two of us starting to drop. For a moment, I thought I had done it. I thought I had killed him.
That was the case… until I saw a black swirl manifest from where my sword embedded into him. My attack managed to destroy most of the bandages he had wrapped himself with only to reveal what looked like piercings.
Little studs of metal were all over his torso and limbs, and to my horror, each of those metal piercings cast their own little shadow around his entire body.
Uto’s horn glowed a purplish-black light while the shadow from his countless piercings spread entirely around his body.
I tried pulling Dawn’s Ballad out from Uto’s chest but no matter how much mana I imbued into my body, I wasn’t strong enough to pry it out.
“If you were able to notice my weakness in the short time we had been playing, don’t you think I would’ve found out about it a long time ago?” His voice came out muffled from the black mask that covered his entire head and face aside from his horns.
“Sylvie!” I said aloud, letting go of Dawn’s Ballad.
My bond immediately repositioned herself to catch me, when a black spike suddenly shot out from Uto’s body.
I siphoned more mana out of my core, manifesting a gauntlet of ice around my right hand as I struck the black projectile. If I dodged it, the attack would’ve hit Sylvie, but I managed to redirect his surprise attack. Rather, I thought I did.
He pointed a finger down as if he was warning me of something. I couldn’t see Uto’s expression from behind his shadow mask, but I swore I could see him smirking.
Less than a second later, I felt the sharp prick of something against my skin coming up from below me.
With the internal lightning-attribute mana art enhancing my reactions, tapping into the mysterious aether around me, I activated the first phase of my dragon’s will.
<i>Aevum,</i> the control over time. With little mastery and insight over this powerful ability, I was able to briefly stop time around me. Lady Myre had said aether could not be manipulated but rather influenced, but in my case, it felt like I was merely tapping into the influence that Sylvia once had over <i>aevum.</i>
Colors flipped while the purple particles of aether around me violently trembled. Uto, Sylvie and even the black spike almost lodged into my back all stopped abruptly. With Uto’s last attack no longer in motion, I was able to whirl my body to avoid the full brunt of the impact.
Releasing Distortion—what I chose to call phase one—was much like letting out my breath after being underwater until the brink of drowning. I was barely able to gather my wits as the black spike flew up, leaving a large gash on my back rather than a gaping hole.
My body hurdled down, but just as I landed on Sylvie’s back, Uto reacted. He flickered just beside me and struck me and my bond with his black fist.
Spiraling down toward the ground like a comet, I flashed in and out of consciousness once more. My entire body was a bundle of agony so I had a hard time discerning which part of me was exactly broken.
Without even the luxury of screaming from the pain, I desperately tried to protect myself and my bond using magic.
<i>Change into your fox form!</i> I cried desperately, but rather than obey, she scrunched her body into a ball, covering me with her arms, neck, body and wings. I could feel the warmth of her underbelly as she gripped me harder.
She let out a growl. <i>‘You don’t have enough mana to take the impact. At least my body will be able to block some of the force.’</i>
<i>Fool, </i>I replied<i>. </i>Even in my thoughts I sounded weak.
I braced myself for the impact but it never came. Rather, I never felt it. By the time I regained consciousness, I was in the center of a crater even more exhausted.
<i>Sylv? </i>I tried to get up, but my body refused to listen.
<i>Sylvie?</i> I sent out once more. No response.
A weak moan escaped my mouth as I turned my body to see that Sylvie’s body was still underneath me, but her limbs were splayed out and there were black spikes everywhere beneath us—ome broken, some jutting out of her.
“No.” I shook my bond.
“Sylvie. Wake up.” I shook harder.
“This isn’t funny anymore. Sylvie!” I rolled off her body, scratching myself on a nearby spike.
“Sylvie, please!” My vision swam and I could feel my heart trying to burst out of my chest.
A wave of panic rushed over me, numbing me from all of my pain. I crawled desperately, trying to lodge her arm out of a large black spike. I grit my teeth, holding back sobs while trying to think of a way to help my bond.
“Aether,” I muttered breathlessly as I held my hands against her body. It was a long shot, but I had to try.
I activated Realmheart once more. Every inch of my body screamed in pain from the backlash but I held on. With the particles of mana and aether visible, I desperately tried to somehow guide the purple particles into Sylvie’s body.
“Please,” I begged.
The purple particles of aether around Sylvie began quivering, as if answering my desperate cry for help. The bits of aether swirled and seeped slowly into Sylvie’s body.
I didn’t know what would happen. I thought that since Sylvie was able to heal me through aether, her body would be able to heal herself through aether as well.
Unable to keep Realmheart active any longer, I sank to my knees, my face against the base of Sylvie’s neck.
“You’re going to be okay,” I breathed. “You <i>have</i> to be okay.”
Several black spikes had pierced through Sylvie’s body and limbs, but I didn’t have the strength to pull them out. I tried striking the black spike that had impaled her, hoping it would come loose from the ground.
I striked. I striked again. I striked until I couldn’t condense mana anymore and my knuckles bled.
“Your beast will live,” a female voice sounded nearby. The voice was calm and mature.
<i>Aya?</i>
Desperate and hopeful, I turned around and looked up, except it wasn’t her. Far from it.
It was a girl, but it wasn’t Aya.
It was the girl I had seen at the cavern in Darv.
The scythe. Except… in her hand was Uto. And he appeared dead.


Chapter 176

Chapter 176
Chapter 176: The First Scythe
I stared silently at her.
Sweat drenched my skin and my entire head throbbed. My tongue felt like a rag wrung dry—my body felt fear, but my brain was lost in a web of thoughts. I could feel the gears turning as my brain tried to come up with a scenario in response to this change in events. The conclusion that it came to, however...
There was no way out.
With no mana left in my core, my body on the brink of collapsing from backlash, and my bond incapacitated, I did the only thing I <i>could </i>do. I waited.
I waited for the woman standing near the rim of the crater Sylvie’s body had made. Unlike the retainers that I had seen until now, she looked fundamentally different.
Her hair was long and reflected the sun like liquid amethyst. Unlike the witch, Uto, or Cylrit, whose complexions were varying shades of sickly gray, this woman’s skin had the quality of polished alabaster. Her eyes were as piercing as her long black horns that spiraled up like an impala’s.
Aside from her unnaturally striking appearance, what struck me the most was her aura—or rather, lack of aura.
Unlike when I learned to hide my presence, the scythe’s aura seemed to be there, but contained—contained like a devastating bomb ready to explode. The only time I had felt this was when I had met Lord Indrath. Sylvie’s grandfather and the current leader of the asuras had the same suffocating presence that made everyone wary of when he might explode.
I gulped, which was the biggest movement I’d made since I became aware of the scythe’s arrival.
She remained still, though. That was a good sign. If she wanted to kill me, she could’ve done so by now. I wanted to ask why she was currently holding onto the unconscious or dead Uto by his hair but couldn’t quite work up the nerve to.
I was pretty certain that neither Sylvie nor I had done anything to Uto, which either meant he had exceeded his limits with that last attack or that this scythe had something to do with Uto’s current state. Both options seemed unlikely.
Remaining still, I continued passively gaining mana through mana rotation. My body burned and my core opposed from backlash but I held on. There was nothing I could do no matter how much mana I gained; I couldn’t escape with Sylvie in this condition and there was no way I was going to leave her behind. My brain flickered with the notion that it might be worthwhile to fight against this scythe but that thought was quickly doused by every other fiber of my being.
So I remained in the same exact position, staring at the purple-haired scythe. Dozens of possible scenarios ran through my thoughts but what she did was something that I would’ve never predicted.
Reaching down with her free hand, the scythe snapped off Uto’s horns one by one as if she were plucking flowers. Remaining silent, she casually tossed the two horns at me and my body immediately reacted. As if the horns were bombs—for all I knew, they could be—I scrunched into a ball, protecting my vitals. I positioned myself between the severed horns and my bond in the feeble hopes that I could somehow protect my two-ton dragon, but nothing happened. The two black horns rolled and stopped beside my feet anticlimactically.
Cautious, I left the horns on the ground and locked eyes with the scythe. Her actions didn’t make any sense; from what I had gathered, the Vritra’s horns were an important part of themselves. Why would she do that to her ally?
Just when I thought her actions couldn’t be more unpredictable, the scythe lifted Uto by his hair and pierced through his body with a thin blade of what looked to be pure mana. What surprised me more than the deadly purple blade jutting out of Uto’s sternum was the fact that he remained unconscious.
Whether it was because I was exhausted—physically and mentally—or the scythe had something schemed, I couldn’t make sense of the meaning behind her actions. At this point, I was more shocked by the fact that she was able to so easily pierce through Uto’s core.
Mana and beast cores were dense and hypersensitive parts of the body that became more resilient the higher the user’s stage was. Being able to pierce through it without Uto being in complete agony meant that this scythe had either killed a retainer or done something more than simply knocking him unconscious.
The scythe tossed Uto like a ragdoll down into the crater towards Sylvie and me.
“It was a tough battle but you managed to defeat Uto. You were able to keep him alive but for safety measures, you pierced his core to ensure that he won’t be able to use any mana art. You did this so you could take him back to question and interrogate him,” the scythe said as if reading a script.
My initial response was to ask what was going on, but this scythe seemed like the sort of person that despised needless questions that wasted her time. Through the magical power of deduction, it seemed that she either didn’t agree with this war or she had her own personal agenda. If it meant that I wouldn’t die today, I could work with either reason.
I asked a different question instead.
“Would it be too much to ask for your name?” I muttered, my voice betraying any sort of confidence I was trying to project.
There was a slight rise to one of her brows, but that was the only change in her expression she exhibited—outwardly, at least.
After a slight pause, she answered with a deadpan expression. “Seris Vritra.”
Pushing myself up off the ground, I managed to sit up with my back propped up against Sylvie’s body. My body felt like it weighed as much as Sylvie but I did my best to appear poised.
“Thank you, Seris Vritra. I won’t forget this kindness.” I dipped my head respectfully. It wasn’t clear whether this scythe was an enemy or ally. She seemed like neither, but nonetheless she had saved my life along with Sylvie’s. For that, the least I could do was thank her regardless of her race and stance in this war.
Seris cracked open a slight smile. “Peculiar boy.”
The scythe turned, preparing to leave, but just before she disappeared she said, “For both our sakes, get stronger—fast. Uto’s horns will be an invaluable resource for you if you can manage to extract his mana stored inside.”
Wide-eyed, I gingerly scooped up the two fist-sized horns and stored them inside my ring. By the time I looked back up, Seris had disappeared.
I wasn’t sure if it was because Uto was unconscious or because Seris had destroyed Uto’s core, but the bed of black spikes that Sylvie had protected me from with her own body crumbled. Sylvie’s wounds were already closing and her breathing became more relaxed. I thought white core mages healed fast, but Sylvie’s rate of recovery was actually visible.
With the worry of my bond dying out here now gone, I focused my attention on the unconscious and bleeding retainer. Dawn’s Ballad was still pierced through his chest, but it slid out easily when I gave it a tug. My sword hardly left a gash on Uto’s body, yet Seris’s seemingly nonchalant attack was able to easily pierce through Uto’s body and core.
“It looks like I have quite a bit to go before I try to take on another retainer, let alone a scythe,” I muttered to myself. I hated to admit it but with the appearance of Seris, I had completely lost my will to fight back. It had been a while since I had felt so helpless and this time as well, it wasn’t a good feeling.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
With enough mana gathered, I attempted to use magic. When I did, my core churned, sending me in a fit of agony. Mana burned as I channeled it through my body but I was able to encase Uto’s body in ice.
Despite almost dying on several different occasions just moments ago, there was a sense of calm that surrounded me. There were things that I should’ve been doing right now: helping Aya if her battle hadn’t already ended, informing Mica about Olfred’s betrayal, but right now, I couldn’t. In this weakened state, I couldn’t help them even if I wanted to, so I relented to my body’s wish and rested.
I leaned my back heavily against Sylvie’s body, her rhythmic breathing almost therapeutic. I usually never let myself fall into delusions and thoughts of wistful fantasies, but right now, I felt like I deserved it. Letting my thoughts drift, I allowed myself to imagine my life after the war. I allowed myself some happy thoughts, even if they wouldn’t necessarily come true.
Thoughts of myself, grown up—maybe even sporting a beard—with a family of my own. Tess’ face popped into my mind, and immediately I resisted the urge to continue my reverie. But I deserved this little fantastical break.
So I let the scenes continue. Tess looked older, more mature but still dazzlingly beautiful. She smiled brightly at something I’d just said, her cheeks with just a slight tinge of red. She tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear before glancing upward at me with a coy gaze. She took a single step toward me, but suddenly we were chest to chest. Tess got on her toes as she closed her eyes. Her blush deepened and her long lashes quivered.
Just as she pursed her lips, Tessia was suddenly ripped out of my arms. I was surrounded by darkness but I was able to vaguely make out the figure of the person standing in front of me, just a few feet away.
It was me. The <i>former </i>me.
<i>What makes you think you can have this happiness—that you deserve this happiness? </i>The former me spoke, or rather, a formless voice echoed from its location.
<i>After what you did to them, do you think you can just forget and move on? They died because of your choices. They paid the price for your selfishness. </i>
<i>Whether you’re King Grey or Arthur Leywin, you can only exist alone. </i>
<i>Whether you’re King Grey or Arthur… </i>
<i>… Grey or Arthur… </i>
<i>… Arthur…</i>
“Arthur!”
I jolted awake. In front of me was Aya.
Her expression immediately untensed and a flicker of relief shone in her eyes. “You wouldn’t wake up no matter how hard I shook you. I was beginning to worry that something happened during the fight.”
“I’m just a bit tired.” I mustered a smile to reassure her.
Aya nodded. “I’m glad you’re okay.”
Staring at the elven lance, I noticed that her face was much paler than it usually was, but besides that there weren’t any visible wounds. “How did it go on your side?”
Aya’s expression darkened. “A few of the Alacryan soldiers were able to escape. As for the traitor, I was able to execute him.”
Traitor. Execute. I mulled over the elf’s choice of words. It was as if she was distancing herself from the fact that she had killed a former comrade. I couldn’t blame her; Olfred’s death left a bitter taste in my mouth, but Aya had worked alongside Olfred longer than I had.
“What about Mica?” I asked.
Aya shook her head. “I came here straight after finishing my job at the Alacryan’s hidden base to help you, but I see that it was unnecessary.”
For a brief moment, I thought of telling the lance about Seris and how she had helped me, but I chose not to. There was no hard reasoning behind it, but I wanted to know more about Seris before saying anything. “It was a hard battle, but I was able to defeat him with Sylvie’s help.”
There was a flash of doubt in Aya’s eyes but she immediately recovered with a curt nod. “I’m glad the both of you got through this in one piece. We’ve won.”
“Thanks,” I said, petting Sylvie’s body. “It doesn’t feel like we won though. We managed to bring down a retainer but along with it, a member of the Council and a lance—maybe even two.”
“I think it’s safe to leave it at just one lance,” Aya replied as she idly stared at Uto, whose frozen body I had left upright.
“So Mica wasn’t a part of it?”
Aya shook her head. “She still needs to be questioned but I highly doubt it.”
I let out a sigh, resting my head against Sylvie’s body. I could feel my bond in my thoughts again—a mixture of emotions that she was feeling inside her dreams.
“With Rahdeas’ arrest and Mica’s questioning along with this retainer’s interrogation, It’s going to be hectic when we get back to the castle,” I said, more to myself than to Aya.
The lance let out a soft chuckle as she stretched. “It definitely will be, so get some rest here while you can.”
I smiled weakly at Aya, thinking t there would be too much on my mind to rest: What to think about Seris’ actions; how to utilize the horns to get stronger; and how to explain the recurring nightmares about my past life. However, in the battle between my body and mind, my body prevailed and I succumbed to the compelling lull of sleep.


Chapter 177

Chapter 177
Chapter 177: Greying Glimpse
“Next! Cadet Grey, no surname. Please step onto the platform,” said the male researcher with the immaculate lab coat on the other side of the glass.
The researcher’s half-closed eyes never left his clipboard. “Please place your dominant hand on the globe and wait for further instructions.”
I did as instructed while broadening my shoulders and puffing out my chest—as if my posture was going to somehow help me on this test.
“Now, Cadet Grey, the globe is a sensor that will measure your ki level. Please imbue your ki into the sensor until you are given the signal to stop.”
Taking a deep breath, I siphoned the ki out of my sternum and let it flow up and through my right arm into the glass sphere. My ki, which was being measured inside the sensor, looked like droplets of ink inside water. Swirling and expanding inside, I saw the researchers jot down notes with looks of disappointment.
Barely a minute had passed and I was already sweating profusely, my hand trembling on top of the globe.
“You may stop,” the same researcher notified through the intercom, his voice sounding even less impressed than it had in the beginning. “Please proceed to the training grounds for the final part of your assessment.”
I walked out of the door I had come in through, taking a peek back as the researchers discussed my score behind their glass window. The one that had given me the instructions let out a sigh and shook his head.
Walking through the brightly-lit corridor, I stopped at the back of a line that had formed from cadets waiting their turn for the final portion of the assessment.
“Hey… do you know what the last test will be?” The large, bulky young man in front of me in line asked nervously.
“We went through tests that measured our mental acuity, physical strength and just now our ki. Just by process of elimination, this last one can only be that.”
The muscular teen’s eyes lit up in realization before he grinned smugly. “Oh… that! Haha! I’m good at that.”
I let out a small laugh in amusement at the simpleton’s change in attitude. It was the same for me—I was also good at that.
The line started moving again and we filed into a large auditorium with a ceiling at least a hundred feet high. There were already a fair amount of cadets gathered in designated locations with an instructor leading each group. My eyes scanned the area in hopes of finding Nico or Cecilia, but I couldn’t find either of them.
There was also an instructor at the front of our line, guiding each of the new cadets to a different group. The instructor pointed to his right at a crowd of nervous cadets near the far corner and the bulky boy in front of me confidently swaggered to his assigned group.
“Cadet Grey, no surname,” the instructor read.
I stifled the urge to scowl every time a faculty member pointed out the fact that I had no family name. Why did that matter here?
“Proceed to Group 4C halfway to the far left corner of the auditorium. The floor is marked for your convenience,” the instructor said, pointing to the appropriate location.
I gave him a curt nod and walked to my group, which was a hodgepodge of approximately a dozen men and women of all different sizes and builds. A petite girl that looked around my age stood confidently with her arms crossed. She purposely leaked traces of her ki so everyone around her could feel it. A toned boy with neatly cropped hair stood tall with an arrogant smirk. Judging by the crest pinned to his chest pocket, he was from a military family. No doubt he was raised to be a prominent member of the military—perhaps even a contender to challenge the spot for king.
Amidst the group was our instructor—a heavyset man that looked to be in his forties with a mustache better groomed than his thinning hair.
“Cadet Grey?” the instructor asked with a raised brow as he read off his clipboard.
“Yes, sir,” I nodded respectfully. No point in being brusque with the man responsible for determining my stature inside this military academy.
“Okay! Looks like everyone’s here then,” he said, tucking his clipboard in his armpit and clasping his hands. “Hello everyone. You may all refer to me as Instructor Gredge. Before we begin, I’d like to say a few words.”
The cadets in our group shuffled around him in a circle so everyone could see.
“As many of you might’ve guessed, this last portion of the entry exam will be practical combat. I have every one of this group’s ki level results here and, while I will not disclose anyone’s ki level, I’ll tell you now that they all differ. Part of practical combat means that you will not always have the luxury of being able to fight someone with the same level of ki as you. Sometimes you will be lucky and be faced with an opponent that can barely strengthen his fist—”
A few cadets in our group snickered at that.
“Other times, you will come across situations where the opponent has a much larger ki pool than you do,” the instructor continued, holding up his clipboard once more. “Regardless, you will be judged on your ability to adapt accordingly and most importantly, prevail.”
We exchanged glances amongst our group before a scrawny teen that looked a few years older than me raised his arm and spoke. “Are the rumors that cadets can die during this test true?”
Instructor Gredge scratched his beard. “Highly unlikely. The weapons here are blunted and softened. Also, I’ll be carefully monitoring the fights and intervene when necessary.”
There were a few cadets in the group that were still anxious despite the instructor’s reassurance. I couldn’t blame them. The difference in ki levels made a huge difference in strength and agility—enough that even a softened weapon could be deadly.
The instructor cleared his throat to get our attention. “As all of you know, the entry exam is important in determining and securing a cadet’s future in this academy. Those who do well here will be well supported by the academy and be given resources to further their skills while those who fail will be neglected and eventually expelled. It’s unfair but that’s also the way of life. I’d ask if any of you have any questions but we’re short on time so let’s begin.”
Our plump instructor waved his hand, motioning for some of the stray cadets in our group to get out of the way. He then dug out a key from his pocket and inserted it into the wall. That was when I noticed the faint seams in the ground.
The wall slid open to reveal a weapon rack, while at the same time, panes of glass-like material erected from the thin seams in the ground. Within seconds, an area of roughly thirty square feet was enclosed by the clear walls that rose dozens of feet high.
“First up will be Cadet Janice Creskit against Cadet Twain Burr. Pick out a weapon of your choice and enter the arena.” Instructor Gredge motioned at the door and the panes slid open.
The small-framed girl that was flaunting her ki picked out a blunted spear while the scrawny teen that had just asked the instructor whether it was possible to die carefully handled a shield and sword. The two of them followed the instructor inside the enclosed area, the panes closing behind him.
“Glancing blows will be ignored and I will judge whether or not the match will stop or not. Until then, fight to your heart’s content.” Our instructor placed himself in between Janice and the anxious Twain. “Begin!”
Twain jumped back and immediately fell into a defensive stance, holding his fiberglass shield up while keeping his blunted sword close to his body.
Janice, on the other hand, lunged at her opponent. A muted thud resounded as her spear clashed with Twain’s shield, but she didn’t relent. With no regard for her safety, she let loose a wild set of thrusts, pushing back Twain with each one.
The petite girl lashed out like a cat, quick and agile but too emotional. Twain, although his knitted brows showed uncertainty, seemed to have caught on to this when he timed his next block to parry away Janice’s spear.
She staggered just a step, but that was all Twain needed. He quickly swung his sword and hit her square in the shoulder. I expected her to writhe in pain or at least recoil, but despite the direct hit, a translucent layer of ki protected Janice’s shoulder.
With a smug grin plastered on Cadet Janice’s face, she smacked away Twain’s sword with her hand and tackled him with the same shoulder that had just received the hit. Twain buckled. Janice followed up by swiping her weapon at Twain’s legs, sweeping him off his feet—literally.
The scrawny teen fell to the floor and just before Janice brought down the head of her spear into Twain’s face, Instructor Gredge intercepted.
“Match over. Both cadets return to the rest of the group,” he said unceremoniously, letting go of the spear.
There was a moment of silence as our instructor jotted a few things onto his clipboard while Twain and Janice walked out of the arena.
“As this is an exam and not a class, we will not be debriefing the happenings of this match. You may choose to speculate amongst yourselves. In the meantime, Cadet Grey and Cadet Vlair of House Ambrose, please pick out a weapon from the rack and come.”
Murmurs resounded from our group upon hearing the name ‘Ambrose.’
The toned, good-looking boy that looked just around my age walked over to Janice.
“May I use the spear?” he asked, holding his hand out.
The girl that had just fought like a feral cat suddenly turned tame as she handed him the blunted spear. “S-Sure.”
I picked out a sword about half the width of the one that Twain had used before walking into the enclosed area.
“That’s it, Cadet Grey?” Vlair asked with a raised brow. “The sword you chose is usually paired with a brace or another sword.”
I shook my head. “I’m fine like this.”
“Suit yourself,” Vlair said with a shrug.
“Begin.” Instructor Gredge signaled with a wave of his clipboard.
Unlike Janice, Vlair took on a much more neutral stance with his spear. I wasn’t all too familiar with forms for the particular weapon but just on instinct alone, I knew he was much better trained with the weapon than Janice was.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
I tightened my grip around my weapon but kept the blade low. Vlair’s eyes narrowed, almost as if he was insulted that I hadn’t taken a proper stance.
With a scoff, my opponent dashed forward. His weapon became a blur but my body knew where it was going to be. I dodged his first thrust with just the slightest twitch of my head and I ducked underneath the quick swipe that followed after.
The following minute continued with Vlair unable to land a single hit on me. I knew that a single hit would probably be the end of me for this duel but I had to save my limited ki for when I could actually attack. Meanwhile, Vlair had a consistent aura of ki enveloping his body and weapon which was impressive. The previous cadets were able to protect themselves with ki to a certain extent, Janice more so than Twain, but to be able to extend his ki into his weapon at our age was something that came with both talent and hard work.
His blunted spear whistled past my cheek with practiced precision but I allowed my body to do its work. His movements were blurred and he seemed to be using a technique that bent and curved his spear for a wider range of attacks, but he was still slow—at least to me. Unlike the attackers that tried to kidnap Cecilia, he lacked the fear-inducing ferocity that they had.
Despite growing used to this sensation over the years, it was still odd the way my body moved seamlessly with my thoughts. I knew this was an unfair skill to have but I saw it more as evening out the playing field for my ever-shallow ki pool.
As Mr. Ambrose kept attacking, his precise combination of attacks soon became laced with emotions. Frustration and impatience took over, dulling his attacks and leaving his body more open. I took advantage of that fact and went in. Strengthening the ball of my foot with ki, I dashed forward after redirecting his spear up so his ribs were exposed on his right side.
I swung my sword, hitting him cleanly just below his armpit. Vlair’s body reeled from the impact but I could tell by the sensation just now that it didn’t do much because of the rich layer of ki protecting him.
“Enough. Match over,” Instructor Gredge declared.
“What? That hit barely tickled! I can still fight!” Vlair retorted, anger in his eyes.
“There is no victory in these matches, Cadet Ambrose. I have seen enough from both of you, which is why I’m concluding this match,” our instructor said, annoyance evident in his tone.
He glanced at me. “I disagree that you’ve seen enough. The kid just landed a lucky blow.”
Instructor Gredge shook his head. “The lucky blow was made after you failed to land a single hit for exactly a minute and eight seconds. Now before you are docked even more points, please make your way out of the arena so the other cadets can have a chance.”
Vlair stared daggers at both me and our instructor but walked out after tossing his spear on the ground.
The exams ended soon after, giving the cadets some time to rest and eat while the results board was uploaded.
“Is this seat taken? Of course it isn’t,” a familiar voice asked and answered from behind. Nico nudged me with his elbow before sitting down across from me, his hands carrying the same tray of food that I had received and was currently eating from. Cecilia followed close behind, shooting me a smile before she sat down next to Nico.
I ignored Nico’s little tease, swallowing my steamed vegetables before asking, “How did your guys’ tests go? Did the amulet work?”
Cecilia held up her right hand to show me the little coin-sized pin in the center of her palm. “It worked like a charm. Judging by the testers’ reaction, I was probably somewhere around average, to not-significantly-above-average.”
“I should’ve named the amulet the not-significantly-above-average ki displayer!” Nico chuckled as he pointed his fork at me. “I told you it’d work.”
I respected Nico’s resilience and ability to adapt. Nico was undoubtedly affected by Headmaster Wilbeck’s death, but he didn’t let that get to him for long. He bounced back and pushed us—especially me—to keep working toward a goal. I know that oftentimes, he jokes to cover his emotions but I think that his wittiness was much needed in our group.
I nodded. “I’m glad it did… although I still think it would’ve been best if you two went into a regular school. It’s not too late I thi—”
“And I told you that we’re sticking together,” Nico cut in. His eyes flickered with intensity for a moment but then loosened. “Besides, this place has a research facility and several workshops available to the engineering department students.”
“Nico’s right,” Cecilia chimed in, fiddling with but not really eating her food. “We all have things we can learn by being here.”
“Fine, but we have to be careful.” I lowered my voice and scooted closer to my friends. “We don’t know exactly what group or organization was after Cecilia.”
“You’re worrying too much,” Nico dismissed. “The new ki restrainer that I built should last long enough for me to scrounge around for a few parts here and make a more stable one.”
We talked for a bit longer but our eyes kept shifting back to the large clock above the kitchen. It wasn’t just us—everyone was anxious for the announcement.
Nico pushed away his tray of food. “Well I can’t eat any more of this rat turd. Want to just head to the board now?”
“Sure,” I said. “We might be able to get a better spot.”
We made our way out of the hall and back outside. The sun shined brightly overhead but, with only buildings and artificial trees and shrubs surrounding us, the academy felt stifling.
“Are the engineering cadets separated into divisions as well?” I asked Nico on our way.
My friend swayed his head side to side. “Yes and no. We, the more intellectual cadets, still have to use ki to create tools and gadgets so there is priority given to those who have a large ki pool, but it’s not as heavily weighed as you martial cadets. I’ll either be placed in first division, which is the fast track, or second division.”
“I wish it was that simple for us,” Cecilia sighed. “Why is it that martial cadets have divisions that go all the way down to five?”
Nico shrugged. “The way of life. Anyway, I hope you two get into the same division if not the same class. That way, Grey, you can mess up any boy who comes too close to Cecilia.”
I couldn’t help but smile at that. Nico said it lightly but I could tell he was embarrassed at his words. Even after all these years, Nico still hasn’t said anything about his feelings for Cecilia.
By the time we arrived at the large courtyard where the board would be updated, there was already a large crowd of cadets trying to inch as close to the board as possible.
“Looks like everyone here had the same idea as us,” Cecilia muttered.
“No choice but to plow through,” Nico said as he pushed me forward. “Lead the way, cadet!”
After ten minutes of squeezing through hundreds of cadets, we made it close enough to the board where we could read the large words being loaded up onto the screen.
“Nico, your bottom lip is bleeding!” Cecilia exclaimed. “Did you get hit?”
“Alas, I did not come out unscathed after taking a stray elbow to my face in order to protect you!” Nico said dramatically.
I shook my head. “Nico chews his lip when he’s nervous, frustrated, concentrating or all of the above. He probably bit down too hard.”
Nico clicked his tongue. “Smartass.”
Just then, the screen flickered and lit up. Words—names and numbers—appeared on the screen in rows. The cadets behind us pushed us forward as they all tried to get as close as possible to find their names.
I found Nico’s fairly easily. He was placed in division one, class one—the highest tier. I saw Vlair Ambrose’s name next; he was division one class five of the martial cadet list, meaning he had barely made it to first division. Cecilia’s name came into view next but the restrained squeal of delight she had let out told me she had found her name as well.
I looked down, searching for my name, but my heart sank the lower my line of sight fell since the lower the name appeared, the lower their division and class was. Cecilia’s name had appeared fairly early since she had been placed in division two, class four, but by the time I found my name, I knew my goal of excelling in the academy and getting strong enough to find and take down the people or group that killed Headmaster Wilbeck was going to be much harder than I thought.
I mumbled my name and division, saying it over and over just in case I had read wrong. “Grey. Division four, class one.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
My eyes crept open to see the familiar ceiling of my room back in the floating castle. I was thankful that I hadn’t experienced another nightmare, but this dream still left an incredibly bitter taste in my mouth.
“Time to get up, Syl”—I stopped myself, remembering that my bond was in the medical ward of the castle.
Yesterday seemed more like a dream than the dream that I actually just had. Fortunately, the journey back was only to the nearest major city that had a teleportation gate. Several soldiers had to help carry Sylvie from the site of our battle through the gate, but she was able to safely make it back and get treated.
I wasn’t able to see Mica at all since she had been taken into custody for questioning. Varay and Bairon had gone to meet with the dwarven lance in case she chose to fight back but she came back here willingly. By the time I had come back here midday, Rahdeas had already been placed into one of the cells to be interrogated at a later time along with Uto.
Staring outside as I stood in the shower, I realized that it was early morning, which meant that I had slept through the rest of the day and through the night. My body still felt sluggish and hot from backlash but sleeping for over eighteen hours seemed to have done wonders for me.
As I got out of the shower, I heard footsteps stopping in front of my room. The person didn’t even have the chance to knock when I called out, “Who is it?”
An unfamiliar woman’s voice sounded from the other side of the door. “General Arthur. I was given instructions to help you get ready and escort you to the meeting hall.”
Looking down at my dripping body covered in scars, I suddenly felt uncomfortable at the thought of someone staring at them. The scars on my neck and left hand the witch-like retainer had left me with were the worst, but they were just two of many that littered my body. Mana and Sylvie’s dragon will helped my recovery rate tremendously, but it just meant that scars formed faster to seal the wounds, not make skin pearly new.
“I’m almost done so wait outside for just a minute,” I said, hurriedly putting on trousers and a tunic with a high collar before covering my hands with thin gloves. It wasn’t necessary to hide my scars since the traitors had been captured, but I felt better doing so.
Making sure Dawn’s Ballad was safely inside my dimension ring along with Uto’s severed horns, I readied my mind for the endless strategic meetings and questionings soon to come.


Chapter 178

Chapter 178
Chapter 178: Strategic Conduct
The short walk to the meeting room was filled with an awkward silence between me and the immaculately-dressed elven secretary.
I wanted to stop by my sister’s room, but the elf insisted that the meeting take precedence. My eyes drifted and I found myself looking for anyone familiar—mostly Tess. It was probably because of that damned scene I imagined of us hugging each other, about to kiss.
To my disappointment and worry, the secretary informed me that Tessia and her team had gone back to their post in the Beast Glades.
“When did they leave?” I asked.
“They departed yesterday at sunrise, General Arthur,” she replied almost robotically just before stopping in front of the closed meeting room.
The guard on each side of the wooden door immediately stepped aside, sliding open the entrance upon seeing the two of us approach.
The two guards thumped the hilts of their spears on the ground in salute. “General.”
I walked into the circular room after dismissing the secretary, meeting the gaze of the Council and the other lances.
It didn’t take long for the meeting to begin once we had all gathered—minus Aldir, our missing ambassador for the asuras. However, with Rahdeas and Olfred no longer in the Council, the once cramped meeting room seemed eerily spacious.
We had barely taken our seats when King Glayder unleashed his anger. Slamming his fists on the circular table we were currently sitting around, the burly king roared, “What was the point of Lord Aldir taking control of the artifact if he was just going to run off to who knows where!”
“This isn’t the time to be blowing up on something we can’t change,” Alduin snapped in irritation.
“He’s right,” Priscilla Glayder agreed. “There are more urgent things we need to cover if we are to recover ourselves from this setback.”
Blaine looked at his wife incredulously but the queen ignored her husband’s gaze.
Merial, who sat beside her husband, finally peeled her eyes off of the stack of parchment she had been going through and spoke. “I’ve gathered and read through several accounts of what transpired, one of which was from Aya, but I think it’s best we start with Arthur’s account of what happened.”
“I agree,” Virion spoke, turning his tired gaze to me. The man had been old for as long as I had known him, but these past few years had really taken a toll on his body and psyche. This was evidenced by the deep dark bags under his eyes and the way his face had contorted into a perpetual frown.
Blaine’s deep red hair was practically ablaze as he leaned back in his seat, simmering like a flame eager to be fed the fuel to unleash his anger once more.
“Sure,” I said, resting my arms on the table. Normally, the lances stood behind their respective artifact holder but with the extra seats available and the fact that even standing took a toll on my fatigued body, I was allowed to sit down.
Recapping the events starting from the day Olfred, Mica and I set off on our mission didn’t take long. The members of the Council stopped me every once in a while if they needed clarification or further details but otherwise let me talk.
Aside from omitting the detail that I wasn’t the one that had defeated Uto, but rather his ally, I told the Council everything I knew. By the end of my story, Virion nodded thoughtfully.
“How is it that Arthur, who’s not yet reached the white-core stage, was able to defeat not one but two retainers while a lance had been killed so helplessly?” Blaine asked, suspicion laced in his voice.
Virion’s eyes narrowed. “What are you trying to gain by being so skeptical of General Arthur?”
“Perhaps knowing how he had come out victorious on both accounts can better prepare the rest of the lances in future battles against the retainers and scythes,” Blaine said with a shrug.
Priscilla put a placating hand on her husband’s arm, trying to intervene. “Dear—”
“King Blaine has a point,” I cut in. “The first retainer I had fought against wasn’t as strong as Uto—the retainer that we now have imprisoned. Even then, I came out with these scars and a broken sword that had been forged by an asura.”
Everyone besides Virion showed some form of surprise on their face when I took off the glove on my left hand and pulled down on my tunic to expose my neck, but none of them said a word.
I continued. “Uto, on the other hand, had the ability to kill me and Sylvie on sight but that wasn’t what he was after. That particular Vritra’s only motivation seemed to be enjoying a good battle. When I didn’t seem to be that much of a threat, he lowered his guard to try and incite me into a fit of rage by threatening to kill those close to me. Sylvie and I were able to capitalize on his carelessness and destroy his horns.”
“How did you know that destroying a Vritra’s horns would have any effect on their ability to fight?” a clear voice rang from behind Priscilla. The one to ask the question was Varay Aurae.
I shook my head. “I didn’t. I doubt even the asuras knew, otherwise they would’ve told us. But I remember the late lance, Alea, mentioning how furious Uto had gotten when she chipped off a fragment of his horn.”
My lie wasn’t the most well-thought-out, but bringing up Alea seemed to convince even Blaine and Bairon, who had both been studying me critically throughout my story. It felt wrong deceiving everyone, especially Virion. But I didn’t trust anyone at this point and I knew that telling Virion now—without any idea of what the Seris’ goal was—would only burden the commander more.
“The retainer’s power seemed to diminish significantly after we destroyed his horns”—I emphasized ‘destroyed’—“and we were soon able to barely overpower him. After securing Uto, the only thing I remember is General Aya waking me up.”
“Thank you for the explanation,” Virion said after a brief pause. “Queen Priscilla, would you like to go over the next matter of business?”
With a nod, the queen spoke. “The most crucial factor in this war right now is the alliance with the dwarves. With Rahdeas imprisoned and held for questioning, we have no one to effectively lead the dwarves. Furthermore, after General Arthur’s reconnaissance in Darv, it’s obvious that either a faction, or multiple factions are willfully assisting the Alacryan army.”
“What if we send some military forces from Sapin into Darv to oversee the dwarves?” Alduin suggested.
King Blaine, who had since calmed down, shook his head. “Military presence from the humans would only frighten the dwarves more into thinking that we want to control them. Things will get even more out of hand if we force our way into this.”
An idea flickered in my mind but seeing the rest of the lances relatively silent, I wasn’t sure whether I had the authority to weigh in. It might’ve just been that the three lances present weren’t knowledgeable in wide-scale military and political tactics given their focus on combat. Regardless, I started off with a question. “Was Rahdeas’ capture made public?”
King Blaine raised a brow. “No, it wasn’t. Part of this meeting was to discuss how to handle the traitor and the fact that we’re down one lance and can’t replace him because our ambassador of the asuras has gone on a little vacation.”
“Then why not use that to our advantage?” I suggested, hoping someone would catch on.
Thankfully, Virion did. His face lit up the way it had when Tessia and I were just children. “Brilliant! Arthur, remind me never to fight a war against you.”
Virion didn’t have to explain much before everyone else in the room caught on and even offered insights on how to actualize my inkling of an idea. The people here were smart after all.
Basically, the Council would put on the guise that Rahdeas was never captured. They would have to make Rahdeas spill how he communicated with his people but after doing so, they’d be able to send out orders as if it were from Rahdeas himself.
“We wouldn’t be able to do anything radical like have them immediately go against the Alacryans, since Rahdeas had been so adamant on helping them, but we can at least secure information by posing as him,” Merial said excitedly.
The atmosphere in the room became a bit lighter as hope slowly bubbled up. The next list on the agenda was discussing how to proceed with General Mica’s questioning and Uto’s interrogation.
“General Mica’s questioning will be held by me, while General Aya will be handling the Vritra we have imprisoned,” Virion announced. “However, Rahdeas’ interrogation should take precedence at this point to secure the dwarves’ allegiance. Anyone think otherwise?”
The rest of us shook our heads. We all agreed; getting control of Darv was crucial in winning this war.
“Good,” Virion continued. “Then we’ll discuss the details regarding General Mica’s and the retainer’s questioning in our next meeting.”
The Council continued, covering several more items on the agenda, most of which pertained to the condition of a particular city.
Merial, who had been organizing the stacks of parchment around her area, pulled out the next subject to discuss. Her glance flickered to me as she hesitated a second before handing the piece of paper to her father-in-law.
Virion’s lips were in a grim line while reading the report but by the time he had finished reading, there was a look of relief on his face. “The next order of business is the supply road. There was another attack on one of our carriages transporting supplies to the Wall. Thankfully, the carriage had been close enough to Blackbend City that reinforcements were able to get there in time.”
“How many deaths?” Priscilla asked.
“Three deaths and four injured, all of whom were merchants employed by the Helstea group,” Merial read aloud.
“Damn those dwarves,” King Blaine muttered angrily. “As if the Alacyrans weren’t a pain in the ass to begin with! Because of them, our enemies have access to their underground network that leads to who knows how far up the southern border of my kingdom.”
A bad feeling crept in at the mention of the Helstea name, but all things considered, the damage could’ve been worse. “Well, thankfully they were able to get back up in time.”
Merial looked up at me and paused for a beat. “Yes. It also helped that the party tasked with protecting the carriage had an emitter with them—Alice Leywin.”
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
I thought I had misheard for a moment, but by the tense gazes of those around me, I knew I hadn’t.
Virion spoke first in a reassuring tone. “Like the report said, none of the Twin Horns were killed.”
The only thing I was able to muster at that point was a weary nod. The old elf’s voice sounded muffled against the throbbing of the blood rushing to my head. Virion had just said my parents and the Twin Horns were alive, but it felt like I was overcome with a feeling of just barely avoiding death. Suddenly, those three deaths that Merial had read aloud sounded much more real. It could’ve been them and I wouldn’t have been able to do anything about it.
“Arthur?” a concerned voice rang.
Snapping out of my daze, I looked back at the commander. “Sorry, I’m okay. Please continue.”
I had a thousand questions but they were all personal. My parents and I had had a less-than-ideal parting. My selfishness of wanting them hidden safely within the castle hadn’t helped to mend our still-healing relationship after I had revealed my secret. They had told me they wanted to help out in the war, but the thought of them actually being in danger had never resurfaced until now.
The temptation of just leaving this room and going down to the surface to meet my parents grew, but I knew they would disapprove of me abandoning my duties to just check in on them. Reluctantly, I focused my attention back on the matter at hand.
The Council was discussing a better way to optimize the supply routes from Blackbend, the major city near the southeast corner of Sapin, to the Wall.
“How about an underground route?” King Alduin suggested, pointing near the center of the map that they had just unrolled.
King Blaine shook his head, leaning forward and pointing below the area where Blackbend was located. “The city is too close to the Kingdom of Darv. There will probably already be dozens of underground passages that the dwarves have dug in over time. It’ll be too dangerous to try that until we secure our alliance with them.”
“What’s Blackbend like?” I asked, taking a close look at the map.
“The economy in Blackbend centers around potato farmers from nearby villages and adventurers because of how close it is to the Beast Glades. The city is currently responsible for the supply of rations as well as the manufacturing of weapons—mainly arrows—for the soldiers,<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>which is why it’s crucial for there to be a secure mode of transport to the Wall,” Queen Priscilla answered seriously.
“The terrain around it is mostly flat farmland, which makes it hard for carriages carrying supplies to go unnoticed,” Bairon added, speaking for the first time in this meeting.
“Thank you,” I said to them both. The queen’s knowledge was informative but it also made me realize that my question was vague. Bairon’s answer was what I needed to know.
As the Council discussed more ideas on how to better secure the supply route, my mind drifted to ways the people of this world wouldn’t be able to consider. Thinking back to the ship that I had helped Gideon design a few years back, I looked at the map. Unfortunately,<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>there was no river near the Wall or Blackbend City but it gave me an idea.
“King Blaine,” I called out, interrupting their discussion. “How many dwarves adept in metal manipulation do you have that can help us?”
“There are numerous metal mages—or metal shapers as they call themselves—among the dwarves, but ones that are trustworthy enough for a large task”—the king paused to think for a second—“a handful, maybe.”
Queen Priscilla nodded in agreement.
Without pause I turned to Tess’ father. “King Alduin, how many elves adept in nature magic can you gather?”
The elven king looked at his wife as he rubbed his cleanly-shaven chin.
Merial began looking through another pile of papers when Aya spoke up. “Four, currently on standby. The rest are currently on missions.”
“What’s this about?” Virion asked.
“Let me get back to you once I sort out the logistics of this idea with Gideon,” I said absentmindedly, the gears in my mind working furiously as I reasoned how this plan would ultimately speed up the process of transporting supplies as well as keep the passengers and workers—mainly my parents and the Twin Horns—safe.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
The meeting concluded soon after and I got up to leave the stifling room when Virion held me back. “Before we depart, I wanted to address something.”
I stood silently waiting for him to continue, curious.
“During times of war, it’s impossible to reward every deed accomplished. However, I think that slaying not one, but two retainers”—the commander shifted his gaze from me to Aya—“as well as eliminating a dangerous traitor and subduing a scheme that could’ve potentially killed thousands of civilians, calls for a reward of some kind.”<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
“Thank you, Commander Virion,” Aya said politely. “But what I did was to help us win this war, not for a personal reward.”
Virion nodded. “General Arthur? What about you?”
I’d learned from my past life that, in situations like this, it’s best to dismiss the reward and just thank him for his kindness, but this was also the perfect opportunity to address something that had been weighing on my mind since this last battle against Uto.
“Actually, there is something that I would like—rather, a few things,” I said innocently.
The two kings and queens looked at me in surprise, but Virion simply let out a chuckle. “Very well, let me hear them!”
<p class="p1">——————————-
I made my way to Ellie’s room, so we could visit Sylvie together, feeling much more light-hearted—happy, even. <span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
Even Virion was stunned at first when I told him that I wanted to withhold going on missions for the near future. I didn’t blame him; we had just lost a lance, possibly two. Having another one saying he wanted a break would take a huge toll on our side.
However, I needed some time to train, and after explaining that, with the war escalating at the pace it was, I wouldn’t have much chance to later on. He agreed… somewhat.
“Two months is the most I can offer, and even then I can’t promise that you won’t be sent out if something major occurs,” he had said reluctantly.
‘Something major’ seemed a bit ambiguous but it was fair.
“In addition, since you won’t be going on missions, you’ll be required to take part in the Council meetings,” he had added. “If the past is any indication, I know having you here—weighing in your thoughts—will prove useful.”
This was a bit harder to swallow. One of the few things I dreaded now and in my previous life was meetings like the one today. However, I needed time to study and absorb Uto’s horns that the scythe had referred to as an ‘invaluable resource.’
“Out of curiosity, how do you plan on training here in the castle?” Alduin had asked before I left.
“It’s part of what I need next as my reward,” I had answered holding up four fingers. “I need four conjurers, each of different elemental affinity.”
“Four?” Virion had repeated. The members of the Council were obviously confused but I knew by the glimmer in the lances’ eyes that they understood what I had planned.
<p class="p1">——————————-
The halls were empty so my walk to Ellie’s room went uninterrupted. I thought of how to greet my baby sister. I knew it was hard for her waiting for me and our parents, not knowing when we’d come back. So being the considerate brother that I am, I knocked on the large wooden door that had been remodeled to fit her bond, and in a shrill breathy voice, I wailed, “Ellie… It is the ghost of your brother. I have come to haunt you!”
I didn’t need to be a genius to deduce that my sister was less than amused when she coldly muttered from the other side of the door, “Boo, attack.”
Unfortunately, it was only after a 700-pound bear came charging at me that I realized that perhaps my sister’s sense of humor more resembled that of our mother.
My body flew back to the other end of the hall as Boo’s body slammed against me. More impressed that the walls hadn’t crumbled from the impact, I pushed the hulking mana beast at arms-length.
“Good to see you too, buddy,” I chuckled wearily, avoiding the pool of drool forming underneath him.
The beast let out a grunt, spraying a mixture of saliva and froth on my face.
“Ghost? Really, Brother?” my sister grumbled, her arms crossed in mock-anger.
I pushed aside Boo and wiped my dripping face with a sleeve. “Haha, I can’t say I didn’t deserve that.”
It didn’t take long for Ellie’s stern scowl to soften. She walked up and wrapped her arms around me. “Welcome back, Brother.”
I gently patted my sister’s head and I could feel the tension in my body unwinding for the first time since arriving at the castle. “It’s good to be back.”


Chapter 179

Chapter 179
Chapter 179: landship
A bolt of light streaked through the trees, curving ever-so-slightly before reaching its target—a wooden post no larger than my head.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>A satisfying thud rang as the mana arrow lodged itself in the center of the post, creating a hole through it before dissipating.
“Great shot!” I exclaimed, applauding.
My sister curtsied in response before her lips curved into a satisfied grin. “I know!” she said haughtily.
Stepping down from on top of Boo, her titanic bond who was lying lazily on his belly, Ellie skipped over to Sylvie and me. My sister picked up my bond. “What did you think, Sylvie? Are you impressed?”
“Very impressed,” she answered aloud, her gentle voice laced with fatigue.
“Sylvie’s still recovering, Ellie,” I scolded.
My sister set the white fox back down on the cushion she had been curled up on. “Hehe. Sorry, Sylvie.”
It had been only two days since we got back to the castle. Sylvie gained consciousness just yesterday, but she has been recovering at a remarkable rate. While Virion and the rest of the council gathered the four conjurers that would be stuck with me for the next two months, I spent some time with my sister.
I kept the fact that our parents and the Twin Horns had gotten attacked a secret from Ellie. A part of me knew that she deserved to know, but I also wanted to keep her ignorant until it was no longer possible.
A selfish wish from a selfish brother.
“So are you able to fire that accurately while Boo is actually mobile?” I asked with a snide grin, my gaze turning to the mana beast sleeping flat on his belly.
Ellie sulked at my jab. “Ugh, not yet. Helen made it look so easy when she showed me, but I haven’t been able to land a single decent shot while Boo was moving. It doesn’t help that this klutz runs like he’s purposely trying to throw me off his back.”
The bear-like mana beast let out a grunt of denial from the distance.
“You so do!” my sister quipped back before she bent down to pick up her bow.
My gaze fell to her hand as she reached down for the weapon. Calluses covered her fingers while freshly formed welts filled in the rare places of her hand that wasn’t already hardened from overuse.
“How much time do you spend practicing, El?” I asked.
My sister thought for a second before answering. “I don’t really keep track, but the sun goes down while I train so maybe about six or seven hours?”
My eyes widened. “Every day?”
Ellie simply shrugged. “I guess so.”
“What about studying, or playing with friends?”
“The classes in the castle are only once a week and I can finish the study material they give me in a day,” she answered. Ellie then hesitated before continuing. “As for friends… I’ll have you know that I’m very popular.”
“Really?” I said with a raised brow.
Caving under my unrelenting gaze, she let out a sigh. “Well, it’s not my fault that I have absolutely no interest in the things they talk about. How is it possible for a group of girls to talk nonstop about boys and clothes for hours?”
A chuckle escaped my throat and I could feel my expression soften. “I’m sure there are a few kids your age with interest in magic.”
Realizing that our conversation wasn’t going to end soon, my sister pulled out a chair and sat down. “Well, there were a few but when they awakened, their parents moved out of the castle, or just sent their kids to one of the major cities to have them board a magic school.”
Not all the children would have had the connections my sister had to get taught by a mage in this castle. It was understandable that the parents would want their children to still be taught how to utilize their newly-formed core, even with the potential danger of the war reaching them.
I looked at my sister as she fiddled with the string of her bow before carefully asking, “Did you want to attend a magic academy as well?”
“Of course,” she answered without hesitation, “but I know you, Mom, and Dad would all worry.”
I winced at my sister’s words. She was only twelve, but her words reflected a maturity that I wasn’t quite sure I wanted her to have. Speaking from my own experience, I knew what it was like to grow up too fast. It was yet another selfish wish of mine that my sister remained the cute innocent girl that worried only about what to wear to her friend’s birthday party.
Pushing aside my thoughts, I shot my sister a gentle smile. “I’ll talk to Mom and Dad when I get the chance and ask them about sending you to school.”
Ellie’s eyes widened. “Really?”
“Assuming they give you the okay, I’ll still want to send a guard with you to protect you in case anything happens. I know it might be a bit stifling to have someone with you at all times so I’ll try to find someone you’ll be comfortable with, but—”
My sister barrelled straight into me in a firm embrace. “Thanks, Brother.”
“Don’t get your hopes up too much,” I replied, my voice coming out as a wheeze from how hard she was squeezing me.
“Too late!” she giggled, unlatching her grasp on me before picking up her bow. “I’m going to have to practice harder if I want to beat those snooty nobles.”
I continued my role as an enthusiastic spectator, relishing the clear skies and the sweet scent of morning dew on the grass field. Ellie continued to fire off more mana arrows at faraway targets with uncanny accuracy. It would be a long time before she would get as comfortable with the bow as Helen Shard, but she had her own strength that the leader of the Twin Horns couldn’t hope to replicate.
Ellie had yet to develop an affinity toward an element, so she was limited to firing pure mana. It was a shame that there wasn’t much I could do to help her develop an affinity since that was mostly dependent on her own insights, but it was exciting seeing her grow and develop.
‘Your thoughts make it seem like you wish to have offspring of your own.’ Sylvie’s voice suddenly intruding my head startled me.
“Offspring?” I said aloud, scaring my sister.
Ellie’s mana arrow arched off-course at the sky, dissipating before it hit the castle barrier. “What?”
“It’s nothing,” I smiled, sneaking a sharp glare at my bond as my sister turned back.
Sylvie shifted in her cushion, looking at me with a shrewd expression of amusement on her vulpine face.
Go back to sleep, I sent, grumbling in my mind.
I continued watching the seemingly repetitive motions of Ellie murmuring, drawing her bow while a translucent arrow formed between her two fingers, steadying her aim, then firing.
She skipped the chanting process for types of arrows she was more versed in, but other times, she needed to describe the kind of arrow she wanted to shape the mana accurately. By the thirtieth time she fired her arrow, I wondered how Boo was able to sleep so easily with Ellie on his back.
“General Arthur?” a voice rang from behind.
My eyes snapped open and I turned around to see an elf holding a clipboard, garbed in a white attire that oddly resembled a lab coat from my former world. What caught my attention was the color of her eyes—or rather, colors. A ring of bright pink surrounded each of her pupils, then shifted into a bright blue on the outer ends of her irises.
Noticing my fixed gaze, she bowed, thinking I was expecting a formal greeting.
The elf stood as if her back was glued to a wooden plank while she then announced, “Artificer Gideon has arrived at the castle and is expecting you.”
“You’re going?” my sister asked, slinging her bow over her shoulder.
“Yup. I have some things to discuss with the old man,” I replied. Turning back as I followed behind the unusual elf, I said to my sister, “I most likely won’t be able to eat dinner with you, so don’t wait up.”
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
My sister nodded. “Gotcha. Say hi to Emily for me if you get the chance to see her.”
“Will do.”
‘I’ll stay here with Eleanor,’ Sylvie said groggily.
Sure. I’ll update you when I get back, Sylv.
I trailed silently beside the elven secretary as she led the way with confident steps.
“Is there a name I can address you by?” I asked.
The elf stopped abruptly, bowing deeply so that her blond hair tied firmly into a ponytail flipped over her head. “Forgive me for not introducing myself. My name is Alanis Emeria and I have been personally assigned by Commander Virion to be your attendant.”
I dipped my head in response to her greeting. “Well, Alanis. It’s nice to meet you, but I’m having a hard time believing that you’re merely an attendant judging by the amount of mana you have concealed.”
The middle-aged elf blinked, her multicolored eyes shining, but otherwise looked unfazed. “As expected of a lance. Allow me to clarify. I have been assigned by Commander Virion to be your attendant while you undergo your training here. It was my wish to meet you as soon as possible.”
I didn’t quite understand what her role entailed as my attendant during training, but before I had the chance to ask, I spotted the familiar frame of Gideon running toward us in a sweaty mess.
“I came as soon as I heard from Commander Virion!” he huffed excitedly, his voice echoing in throughout the narrow halls. “What sort of ingenious idea do you have in that god-sent cranium of yours?”
The old artificer could hardly wait until we made it into one of the empty rooms used for meetings by nobles or military leaders.
“Out with it, boy!” Gideon gushed as soon as Alanis closed the door behind us. “And is it all right for the elf to be hearing this?”
The elven attendant cast a disapproving gaze toward Gideon at his less-than-casual address, but remained mute.
I couldn’t help but smile watching the old artificer fidget in his seat in anticipation. Taking a close look at him, it was hard to imagine that I’d known this old grandpa for more than ten years. The wrinkles between his brows and around his mouth had deepened in that time, no doubt because of how much time he spent frowning or scowling in frustration.
“Everyone’s going to know sooner or later, and she’s apparently my personal attendant starting today so it’s better to have her informed, right?” I asked, turning to Alanis.
“Part of my job will be to lessen other burdens while you focus on training, so yes, it would be helpful for me to stay informed,” she said, her pink-and-blue eyes seeming to change shades.
“More training? What more can you train after being personally taught by gods—asuras, I mean,” he pondered, rubbing his stubbly chin.
“There’s always room for training,” I dismissed. “But getting back on topic, what are the states of the current mines that were used to excavate the fuel source needed for our ships?”
Gideon’s eyes lit. “Oh, you mean the combustium mines? There are five major ones still being excavated.”
I raised a brow. “Combustium?”
“I made the name myself,” the artificer grinned. “You told me I would need a mineral with set characteristics capable of fueling the steam engine we designed—I think you called it coal? Anyway, out of the minerals currently known, which aren’t many, only one of them produced the amount of energy needed to power an entire ship efficiently. The characteristics are a bit different from the coal you mentioned so I decided to name it something else. Anyway, this stuff is amazing. Ten pounds of combustium can power an entire ship for about a dozen miles at full speed!”
“That’s great to hear,” I said, cutting Gideon off. Afraid he’d go deeper into a tangent, I went straight to the point. “What I have planned involves using coa—combustium for a different mode of transportation; specifically a ship that’ll be used to travel land.”
“A landship?”
I nodded. “Except, I was thinking of calling it a ‘train.’”
“Train?” Gideon echoed incredulously. “From what poor mana beast’s ass did you pull a name like that out from?”
“Do you want the blueprints or not?” I scoffed.
Gideon raised his arms in a placating manner. “Train it is.”
The artificer prepared for the design immediately. He practically dumped out a whole lab from the dimension ring shoved on his thumb.
While Gideon caught on quickly to how the train would work, it still took a few hours explaining the details of how the railways and stops would work. I didn’t realize how much time had passed until my stomach twisted and grumbled in hunger.
“I think I covered everything you need to get started,” I said, scanning over the designs and specifications on the large parchment we had hung on the back wall of the meeting room.
“This is going to change everything,” Gideon muttered, more to himself than to Alanis or me. “The rivers are going to be a pain in the ass if we want to connect Blackbend City to Kalberk or Eksire, but with a few water and earth mages—”
“Let’s focus on the railway from Blackbend to the Wall,” I interrupted. “Of course, creating railways to other major cities will be important, but we need to create a secure route for supplies heading to the Grand Mountains if we want our troops there to survive.”
“Of course, but this…” Gideon paused for a second as his eyes scrutinized over the large map of Dicathen we had rolled out on the table. “We’ll be able to form new major cities with this.”
While I respected Gideon for his boundless vision, it was frustrating having to keep him on track. However, his last statement piqued my curiosity.
“What do you mean by forming new major cities?” I asked, looking over the map.
To my surprise, Alanis, who had been dead silent up until now, spoke. “I think what Artificer Gideon means is that, until now, cities in all three kingdoms were predetermined based on where we found or excavated teleportation gates. If this does come into fruition, then a secure mode of transportation that, while not nearly as fast as the gates, can carry mass supplies and goods on top of people will enable us to build major cities in any location.”
“Couldn’t have said it better myself,” Gideon said approvingly.
Feeling stiff, I stretched my arms and back. “Glad to see my idea changing the course of history.”
“Boy, saying something like that so flippantly to a renowned artificer… I should just hand over my brown robe and take up a new hobby,” Gideon sighed helplessly. “I’ve always had a knack for fishing.”
“You can’t retire just yet,” I smirked, heading over to the door. “You’ll be in charge of pitching this idea to the Council at their next meeting.”
“Me? As much as I love the limelight, why are you giving me credit for this?” Gideon asked.
“It’ll be easier to garner the support of the entire Council if the idea came from a ‘renowned artificer.’ We’ll need their help if you want a team of capable conjurers and some merchants or adventurers familiar with the area to map out the best route from Blackbend to the Wall,” I answered, mentally checking off some of the things we’d need. “Anyway, I’m starving. I’m going to go see what I can scavenge at the food hall.”
“I can have the chef prepare a balanced meal and deliver it to your room,” Alanis suggested.
I waved my hand in dismissal. “It’s okay. No reason to trouble the chef just for a meal.”
“Wait! How soon are you going back out to the field?” Gideon asked.
I looked at him over my shoulder. “I’m staying for a couple of months. I’ll mostly be down in the training space but I’ll stop by to check in on how you’re doing if that’s what you’re asking.”
The old artificer let out a scoff, rolling his eyes. “I’m honored, but that’s not what why I asked. Emily has been working on a few things that need to be tested.”
“You realize you’re asking a general to be your test dummy, don’t you?” I asked with a smirk.
“Relax, O’ Great One. I promise they’ll be helpful to you as well. I looked over them myself and though I don’t want to admit it, if the artifact works, it’ll change the way both conjurers and augmenters train.”
I shifted my gaze to Alanis, who also expressed a degree of curiosity. “Well, you’ll have to convince my training attendant.”
The old artificer let out a gruff laugh as I walked out the doors. I could hear him muttering to himself from behind, “The kid’s come a long way.”


Chapter 180

Chapter 180
Chapter 180: Alacryan Glimpse
With my stomach filled with leftovers and Alanis, my training attendant, dismissed for the night, I retrieved Sylvie from Ellie and arrived back in my room.
“Are you ready?” I asked my bond, who had been waiting on the bed while I’d taken a shower.
“So. What is it that you’re so excited about?” she replied, fidgeting impatiently in her fox form.
It wasn’t easy trying to steer my thoughts away from the “loot” that I’d gotten from fighting Uto in order to surprise Sylvie. I had to distract myself by thinking random thoughts and numbers to confuse her on our way back.
After making sure the door was locked and activating both earth and wind perception spells, I finally withdrew the two obsidian horns from my ring.
My bond’s sharp eyes widened as she gazed at the black crystals that were once embedded on a retainer. “Don’t tell me…”
“Yup,” I said excitedly. “They’re Uto’s horns.”
“Why?” she asked, confused.
Realizing that she never heard the full story, I summarized everything that had happened after she had been knocked out after saving me from Uto’s last attack.
By the time I had finished my story, Sylvie’s vulpine face was twisted to show a mixture of emotions.
“It’s scary to think how easily we could’ve been killed,” she said after a long pause.
I nodded. “I couldn’t do anything when Seris showed up. But even if she hadn’t, I’m not sure we would’ve been able to defeat Uto.”
“It seems like as we grow stronger, so do our enemies,” she sighed. Her gaze shifted back to the two horns on the bed. “So these horns supposedly contain vast amounts of mana that you can extract? Is it really safe to trust the scythe?”
“Considering the Asuras are forbidden by the treaty to help us anymore and Seris could’ve killed me whenever she wanted, I don’t think it’s too much of a risk.”
Sylvie thought for a moment as she pawed at the horns that were each the size of her head. “Well… if they help you get into white core, it’ll certainly help us.”
I picked up only one of the horns. “This will be enough for me. You extract the other one.”
My bond opened her mouth, ready to argue, but I cut her off. “You said that your body is still undergoing the awakening process that Lord Indrath made you undergo. I know your body has been constantly extracting ambient mana, which is why you’ve been sleeping more, so I’m sure extracting mana from Uto’s horn will help quicken that process.”
“To be honest. I haven’t been as active in trying to hasten the awakening process,” Sylvie replied. “I’m afraid that, with my awakening as a full asura, I won’t be able to assist you anymore.”
“You nearly died in that last fight, Sylv,” I said, putting my hand on top of my bond’s small head. “Besides, your mother cast a pretty powerful spell before you were born to conceal you. It’s why even in your draconic form, no one was able to tell you were an asura.”
“Grandfather mentioned that, but as I get stronger it’s going to get harder to hide what I am,” Sylvie replied bitterly.
A wave of grief flooded my mind and I could feel the bits and pieces of the story that Lord Indrath had told Sylvie about her mother.
“I’m not exactly sure what’s going to happen when you get strong enough to awaken, but we’ll overcome that hurdle once we get there,” I comforted.
“We always do,” my bond agreed with a smile.
Holding the black horn gingerly in my hands, I peeked a glance at Sylvie. “So…should we start now?”
Sylvie placed a paw on the horn in front of her. “I don’t see why not.”
After repositioning myself more comfortably, I took a deep breath. I started slow, probing the insides of the horn with a thread of my mana.
With elixirs, the contents stored inside would be distributed upon contact with a mage’s purified mana. With the horns, however, there were no noticeable reactions even after searching deeper.
Minutes trickled by with no sign of anything stored within Uto’s horns. I started to consider the possibility that the mana inside might’ve dispersed upon being severed from the retainer’s head, when suddenly an indescribable <i>force</i> pulled at my very mind.
Unlike any elixir—or any <i>thing</i>, for that matter—I’d used in the past, my consciousness seemed to be getting sucked in.
I felt a surge of panic as I felt myself blacking out.
Quite literally. A shroud of shadow spread, covering my vision and all of my other senses until I was simply in darkness.
<i>Calm down, Arthur. Your body is still safely inside your room. </i>
That didn’t help me at all. The fact that my mind had been forced into a certain state and was vulnerable scared me. Coming to this world, I was born with a new body—new physical features that took me years to adjust to—but my mind was the same through both lives. My brain, or every part of my brain responsible for my memories and personality, was mine throughout my years as Grey and Arthur.
Right now, I felt my consciousness at the full mercy of whatever<i> force</i> had dragged me into wherever I was.
I was surrounded in darkness, but it wasn’t pitch black. The shadows around me warped and stirred like various shades of dark ink. It was a surreal feeling—perceiving something without a body. Somehow, I could feel the <i>force</i> around me, slithering in the darkness, but I didn’t have a body.
After what felt like hours of floating mindlessly in the sea of darkness, the <i>force</i> surrounding me slowly began shifting. It was different from the erratic, chaotic movements up until now—the shadows felt like they were being pulled away. The obsidian veil slowly began lifting, and what I was left with wasn’t the view of my own room like I had been expecting.
No. I was standing in front of an unfamiliar man inside an extravagant cathedral with a vaulted ceiling, beautifully stained glass and endless rows of pews packed with observers glowing in reverence. The man, who looked no older than my father, wore a ceremonial robe and was kneeled in front of me in respect.
“Speak,” I snapped impatiently, except the voice that came out wasn’t mine. It was Uto’s.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
Even the word that I spoke wasn’t by my will.
“I, Karnal of Blood Vale, humbly come before you to seek your guidance,” the man said, his gaze lowered so I could only see the crown of his short ash-brown hair.
A feeling of annoyance bubbled up in ‘me’ but eventually got washed down by resignation.
The same voice that took over my own spoke with restrained courtesy. “Vale… While your line is thin of Vritra blood, your ancestors have served us well. Remove your robe.”
Karnal bowed deeper in gratefulness before slipping out of his black ceremonial robe. He then turned around to show me his back. What I saw was an engraving down his spine that seemed to be three separate imprints by the spacing.
A thin figure standing off to the side, face covered by a loose hood, took a step toward me and read aloud from a book, “One mark upon awakening and two crests, one earned for an act of valor and another unlocked through mastery of initial mark.”
Unceremoniously, I nodded and motioned for him to dress.
The man still kneeling with his back to me put his robe back on before turning to face me. His gaze was still lowered, which seemed to bore ‘me.’ Thoughts of the person I was assuming seeped into me, revealing his inner feelings. I seemed to be vaguely impressed that the lesser in front of me managed to unlock a crest by mastering the mark he had been given, but the fact that both crests were of defensive magic dampened my mood.
Letting out a muted sigh, I declared, “Through your loyalty to the nation of Vechor by excelling in the last battle against the nation of Sehz-Clar, I—Uto, retainer of Kiros Vritra—grant your entry into the Obsidian Vault for a chance to earn an emblem.”
The crowd gathered to watch the mundane spectacle burst into applause and cheer. The man knelt in front of me allowed himself to shed a single tear before he rose to his feet and finally met my eyes. He raised his right fist over his heart and left palm over his sternum in a traditional salute. “For the glory of Vechor and Alacrya. For the Vritra!”
“For the glory of Vechor and Alacrya. For the Vritra!” the audience behind him roared in unison.
The scene distorted, and I found myself sitting back on my bed. An umbral haze-like substance was spilling out of the horn I had been holding, and getting sucked into the center of my right palm—where Wren Kain had embedded the acclorite.
I quickly dropped the horn, separating my hand as far as possible from it. I took a second to inspect my mana core, and to my dismay, there were no signs of my core improving even a shred.
“Damn it,” I cursed. Rather than my core absorbing the mana out of Uto’s horn, the mana had been siphoned into the acclorite.
Just like Wren Kain had warned, the gem was capable of altering depending on the changes in my body, my actions and even thoughts. The acclorite was constantly feeding off the mana inside me, constantly molding its eventual form, so to say that the addition of Uto’s mana into the gem-filled me with unease was an understatement.
<i>What’s done is done.</i> I didn’t like the idea of my future weapon resembling Uto’s powers, but at this point, anything would help if it meant hastening the process.
Turning to Sylvie, I wasn’t surprised to find her still absorbing the contents of the horn. Unlike myself, she seemed to be having an easier time absorbing the foreign mana. What <i>did</i> surprise me was the fact that the sun was already coming up.
I had spent the entire night reliving one of Uto’s memories, which begged the question… what did his memories even mean?
The actual event occurring in the memory wasn’t very cryptic, but there were so many unknown terms being thrown around that it felt overbearing.
I knew from overhearing the word ‘blood’ inside the cavern in Darv that it most likely was just their term for family, but words like mark, crest, and emblem flew over my head. I knew what they <i>meant</i> in the literary context but they had used them as if they meant something entirely. These marks, crests—whatever they were—were either earned or unlocked? Or was that only the case for the person kneeling…
Except, when Uto declared that the person—Karnal—would be granted a chance to earn an ‘emblem’ in the Obsidian Vault, everyone seemed to be ecstatic. Ignoring the ominous name of Obsidian Vault, which frankly sounded like some storybook warlock’s evil lair where he held his stolen treasures, the man himself seemed blatantly proud. This meant that even the chance to earn an emblem was a big deal.
Another series of questions that came to mind pertained to the mention of Vechor… a nation presumably at war with Sehz-Clar, another nation. From the salute, I could extrapolate that at the nation of Vechor made up a part of Alacrya. Also, assuming that the asuras weren’t lying that Epheotus, Alacrya and Dicathen were the only three continents in this world, that would mean Sehz-Clar was another nation in Alacrya.
<i>Why would two nations of the same continent we were at war with be fighting amongst each other? Maybe the nations swore allegiance during this war? Or was there a separate army composed of all the nations and trained together in order to dispel any enmity that members of the nations had toward one another? </i>
I shook my head, physically trying to get rid of the never-ending stream of questions and thoughts running rampant in my mind.
This memory got me curious, though. I made a mental note to learn more about this, perhaps from Uto himself. The Council had ordered our forces to take in prisoners when possible to interrogate them, but in most cases, it led to the prisoner committing suicide or being too low in the chain of command to know anything useful. This was the first time we’d had a potentially helpful source of information in our hands, though knowing him, he’d make us work for it.
I was beginning to fall into another bottomless ditch of questions. Thankfully, my attention was roused by a perfectly cadenced series of knocks that sounded more like someone was hammering a nail into my door.
“General Arthur. It’s Alanis Emeria. I am here to escort you to the training grounds to meet with the four training assistants you had requested,” she said in a clear, taciturn voice.
“Coming,” I replied, chuckling to myself. <i>It’s not just her speech, even her knocking’s robotic.</i>
Without washing up, I changed into a more tight-fitting outfit suitable for sparring and followed my personal training attendant to the training ground on the lower floor. I debated whether to take Sylvie with me, but I thought it’d be best not to disturb her.
On our way down, we ran into Emily Watsken, or rather <i>she</i> ran into <i>us.</i>
“S-So sorry!” she huffed, most of her face hidden behind a large box she was attempting to carry on her own.
“Here, let me get that.” I took the box out of her arms, surprised by its heft.
“Thank you… oh, Arth—General Arthur! Perfect timing!” the artificer was practically gasping for breath, but she had a wide smile on her face when she recognized who she’d almost trampled.
Emily turned to Alanis, adjusting her glasses. “You must be Alanis! It’s a pleasure to meet you!”
“Likewise,” the elf replied, but in no way indicated. “I take it that you are Emily Watsken. I was informed we would be collaborating in our efforts to assist in General Arthur’s training.”
By the wrinkle between Emily’s brows, she seemed to have been processing Alanis’ string of words, but eventually nodded. “Yes! As you’ll soon see, I think that your particular magic and the set of artifacts that I made will work nicely with each other!”
“I’m glad you two are getting along but let’s get to the training room first. This box feels like it’s actually gaining weight,” I joked, lifting the large box.
“Oh! Sorry, and thank you for carrying it! I thought my arms were going to fall out of their sockets!” Emily exclaimed, hurrying down the hall until the entrance to the room was just up ahead. “Come on, everyone’s waiting!


Chapter 181

Chapter 181
Chapter 181: Gadgets and Magic
I didn’t know what to expect of my sparring partners. My request had been fairly last-minute so somewhere in the back of my head I was just imagining the soldiers inside the castle to be present.
There were quite a few conjurers and augmenters here that were assigned as a precaution to keep the residents inside safe. I noticed quite early on that many of them were quite capable so asking for some training partners out of any one of them seemed reasonable.
What I didn’t expect was the heavy presence of three, obviously powerful, elders inside the training grounds alongside Kathyln and a smug-looking Virion.
“Ah, you’re here!” Virion bolted up to his feet, taking the box from my hands and setting it on the ground before guiding me toward the group. “I want you to meet everyone.”
I looked back over my shoulder to see Emily waving me goodbye like a mother sending her son off to a battlefield.
“I know the two of you are already acquainted,” Virion said, motioning to Kathyln. “But for formality's sake, this is Princess Kathyln of the royal Glayder House and her guardian, Hester Flamesworth.”
The elderly woman with gray hair pulled tightly back into a bun dipped her head in a formal greeting.
“Flamesworth?” I blurted, surprised.
“Ah, so you’re familiar with my family,” the woman said, a hint of pride in her voice.
“Yes. Fairly familiar, actually,” I replied. The surname had caught my attention, but I dismissed any questions stirring in my mind and focused on the princess.
“A pleasant surprise to see you, Kathyln, but what are you doing here?” I asked.
“Princess Kathyln is an accomplished ice-affinity conjurer now in the dark-yellow core stage,” Hester answered. “I had been asked by Commander Virion to help you, General Arthur, with your training, but my primary job is to keep the princess safe at all times. By being here together, we are essentially achieving two goals at once.”
I glanced back at Kathyln, who nodded shyly in agreement. “Nothing much else to do besides my occasional training with Master Varay, so I’m here to help.”
“The princess and a knight. Classic pair,” the gruff dwarf sitting on a raised stone pillar smirked. He scratched at his large bulbous nose that led to a thick bush of white covering the lower half of his face. He was tall in comparison to most dwarves I’d seen, but that might’ve been from the illusion caused by his elevated seat. One thing for sure, though, was that his body looked to be composed completely of muscle. With thick, striated bulbs of hardened flesh covering his arms and body, I winced when he gripped my hand with his large calloused one.
“Pleasure to meet you, Young General. My name is Buhndemog Lonuid, but most call me Buhnd,” he said, his grip unrelenting.
Whether it was to gauge me or to assert his dominance over a young—possibly arrogant—lance, I didn’t know, but I reciprocated his greeting with a firm grip of my own.
The assimilation I had gone through as a child after inheriting Sylvia’s Dragon Will meant my body was stronger than it appeared. That, with the fact that I had practically lived this whole life with a sword in my hand meant that I could hold my own even against this bearded ball of muscle.
The tiniest smirk cracked the corner of his lip and he let go. “Not bad. Not bad.”
“Careful, Buhnd. The kid didn’t become a lance with just a pretty face,” Virion teased. “Arthur, this musclehead has been a close friend of mine for quite a few years. He may look like this but he’s a genius when it comes to earth-affinity magic. I guarantee you’ll learn a lot.”
“What’s wrong with my looks?” Buhnd snapped. “I’ll have you know that I’m still quite the ladies’ man back home.”
“No one said anything was wrong with them,” Virion dismissed. “Now, stop being sensitive.”
I studied the two bickering, holding my tongue from all the questions I had.
Just by the thick silver aura he emitted, which was almost visible to the naked eye, he was definitely a powerful individual. If he was so close to Virion, I didn’t understand why he hadn’t been chosen to be the dwarven representative rather than Rahdeas.
Because of the recent events, it was obvious that Virion had introduced Buhnd as a friend to alleviate my initial suspicions of him, but just the fact that he was a dwarf I had never seen before put me on edge.
<i>I guess that makes me racist</i>. I suppressed a chuckle.
Race in this world was much less subtle than back in my old world, but I never considered myself one to discriminate based on outer appearances or locations of birth. However, witnessing a fairly large faction of dwarves cooperating with our enemies as well as being personally betrayed by a powerful dwarf did harden me of my previous fair-mindedness.
My attention abruptly turned to the only person I had yet been introduced to by a loud, surly yawn.
As if the yawn had been his cue to be introduced, Virion spoke. “Arthur, this is Camus Selaridon. He’s a—”
“The boy doesn’t need to know any more than my name. I’m here to spar with him. Any information beyond that is irrelevant,” Camus cut him off.
I was shocked to see Virion being told off. He was the leader of this continent’s entire military, after all. Again, I held my tongue after seeing Virion’s unperturbed expression, but made a mental note to ask the commander who exactly Camus was in secret.
Assuming the mysterious elder wouldn’t be fond of an excessive greeting, I simply dipped my head and introduced myself before taking a closer look at him. Long silvery-blonde hair fell down to his shoulders in disheveled locks, covering his forehead and eyes. Long pointed ears poked out from the sides of his head, indicating he was of elven descent. Unlike most elves I had met though, he took no care of his outward appearance and, by the stench emanating from his clothes and body, hygiene.
“Well!” Virion broke the silence. “I’m sure all of you are going to be well acquainted these next several weeks so, while I’d love to stay and watch, I get the pleasure of spending my time looking over mountains of paperwork!”
With a tired sigh, our commander left the training room, his shoulders just a bit more slumped over than before.
Virion’s departure left us a moment of silence, which I used to survey the training room.
The place wasn’t anything extravagant, just a large dirt field a little less than fifty yards long and no more than thirty yards wide enclosed by walls and a ceiling of mana-reinforced metal. There was a small pond off to the far left corner of the room, but other than the door on the opposite wall, it was just a large space to train.
The sight of Emily enthusiastically waving her arm at us got my attention.
“I finished setting up for the most part! There’s a bunch I want to go over before you start your training,” she said, wiping the sweat off her forehead.
Looking down at the equipment that had spawned from the giant wooden box I had carried inside, I was surprised at how familiar it looked. It was a metal panel about the length of my arm span littered with gauges and knobs. It resembled some sort of ancient control center on a ship from my previous world with the exception of the crystals on either side of it. One was large and clear while the other smaller crystal had a blue tint to it.
The panel had a cluster of wires leading to the wall of the training room—more specifically a large disk attached to the wall. I hadn’t paid much attention when I looked before but the metal disks didn’t seem to be a part of the design. They looked to be embedded into the wall and were spaced out evenly.
The panel that Emily gingerly stroked looked like an archaic form of the technology from my previous world.
“Ah! One more thing!” Emily exclaimed, practically diving head first into the box. She pulled out what looked like pieces of a leather armor but with the same wires connecting the different parts together. Embedded in the bottom center of what appeared to be the breastplate of the set was the same blue crystal that was on the right end of the metal panel.
Emily heaved the leather armor in her arms and walked to me. “Miss Emeria, if you wouldn’t mind helping me put this on General Arthur.”
“Of course.” Alanis nodded, and I found myself being dressed in a rather ridiculous-looking getup.
The ‘armor,’ seemed more like a sensory receiver rather than protective clothing. I would be forced to wear the gloves, breastplate, arm and leg bands, and shoes throughout the training.
“Perfect. You look great!” Emily said approvingly, adjusting my breastplate so that the blue crystal embedded on there would be directly over my sternum, the area where my mana core was located.
“Thanks,” I replied sheepishly, completely unconvinced. The armor looked bulky but it was soft and flexible enough where I wasn’t too worried about it hindering my movements.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
Kathyln and the three elders watched silently, enraptured by the sight of this unusual equipment, until Buhnd finally spoke up. “So exactly what is the point of all of these toys?”
Emily shifted her glasses and spoke. “I don’t want to spoil anything, but I guess a bit of a heads up is fair. General Arthur is an anomaly in our continent—being the only known quadra-elemental mage and all—so, while he’s been excelling in most aspects of mana manipulation, it’s come to my attention that he’s begun to plateau in utilization of elemental magic.”
“What about his training with the asuras?” Kathyln asked.
“That was mainly technical training for augmented close combat,” I answered. “While I did pick up a few techniques, Emily is right in that I’ve been relying heavily on ice and lightning magic these days. I’m hoping that by training with all of you, I’ll eventually be able to better utilize all of the elements that I’m capable of controlling.”
“I see, I see.” Buhnd idly stroked his beard before shivering. “Yeah, even thinking about using <i>one</i> other element gives me a headache. To be a quadra-elemental on top of being able to use ice and lightning… ugh.”
“General Arthur’s mental capacity isn’t as restricted as yours is, so I’m sure he’ll learn,” Hester chimed, a smirk etched onto her wrinkled face.
Buhnd whipped his head. “What’d you say, Grandma? My mental capacity is <i>fully</i> unrestricted!”
The fire mage shook her head, letting out a sigh.
“Now now,” Emily carried the metal panel and gently set it on the ground near us. “Instead of arguing, I’d appreciate it if all four of you place your hands herel and enfuse some of your mana into the clear crystal to power up the device.” She pointed to the left end of the metal panel.
Hester, and Buhnd looked at one another, mentally trying to decide which one of them would go first, when Camus stepped up and placed his palm over the clear crystal.
“Like this, right?” Suddenly a vast whirlwind ripped out of his body and swirled around him protectively.
Emily let out a startled shriek before tumbling to her back from the sudden force. The rest of us were able to brace ourselves and watch as the fierce gale condensed into the hand on top of the crystal. The once clear gem lit up in a shade of gray just before the entire panel whirred to life. The gauges swayed erratically before settling into place.
“Show off,” Buhnd grumbled.
I had been so focused on the panel that when the room suddenly buzzed from all directions, I instinctively raised a layer of mana around my body.
“It’s just the apparatus powering on.” Emily quickly consoled. From the way the other mages present all got into a defensive stance, it seemed they were just as surprised as I was.
“I shall go next,” Hester said, stepping forward calmly.
After placing her hand on the crystal, she muttered a single word. “Burn.”
A blazing inferno erupted from her body, making her red robe appear to be completely made of fire. The ground around her became scorched but what amazed me was that when one of the tendrils of flame lashed at me, there was no heat. What seemed like a brazen display of strength turned out to be a demonstration of her control over her element.
The metal panel whirred once more, this time a little less so. Also, it might’ve just been my imagination, but I swore I heard Hester clicking her tongue.
“My turn!” Buhnd declared, flexing his fingers before placing it carefully over the crystal that had returned to its transparent state.
There was a beat of silence before the ground beneath us began trembling. Loose pebbles and rocks began hovering off the ground as an aura of brilliant topaz surrounded the bearded dwarf.
“Uh, Elders. I love the enthusiasm and all… but this wasn’t meant to be a contest,” Emily muttered weakly, her voice unsteady from the shaking ground.
“To a real man, everything’s a contest,” Buhnd grinned wickedly before letting out a sharp breath. Immediately, the earth cracked, spreading from his feet while the yellow aura gathered into his hand.
The panel trembled and made its familiar noise before the crystal sucked up and transferred the mana that Buhnd had supplied.
The muscular dwarf let out a satisfied grunt and stepped away. Emily immediately inspected her apparatus to see if any of the elders had damaged it.
“Princess Kathyln,” she called. “If you would please. I think just a little bit more will be enough.”
The princess nodded, tucking a strand of black hair behind her ear before sending out a wave of mana as well. Just by the tense expression on Kathyln’s face, I knew all too well that she had no intention of backing down from the unsaid challenge between the elders.
The temperature dropped to a noticeable degree as a haze of frost swirled around the princess. Some of the rocks near her already began freezing when the frost began taking form into what looked like translucent serpents. The frost serpents slithered in the air around her before coiling down her arm and disappearing into the crystal she had her palm on top of.
Emily’s apparatus buzzed with fervor while the clear crystal began swirling in a motley of colors.
The artificer began to turn a few knobs and flip a few switches before rotating the now-colorful crystal until a loud <i>click</i> occured.
“I’ll turn it on now,” Emily announced, her eagerness unconcealed.
She pushed down on the crystal until it was fully inside the panel and I could almost see the mana travelling from the device through the thick wires and into the rods on the wall. Everyone watched as strands of multicolored mana began shooting from one rod to another, spreading exponentially until the strands connected the metal rods to one another in a honeycombed pattern.
“What in the world…” Buhnd breathed, his neck stretched out as he gazed at the walls and ceiling of the room.
“The floor has the same sensors buried,” Emily added proudly. “Now, before I go over what all of this is, General Arthur, I believe Miss Emeria has something she needs to do.”
I turned to my training attendant. “Alanis?”
She walked to me after putting down the clipboard she had been holding. “It won’t take long, General Arthur. Please give me your hand.”
Curious, I took off the glove, letting it dangle by the wire it was attached to. Alanis gently wrapped both her hands around my mine and began chanting with her eyes shut.
Once she finished, Alanis’ eyes snapped open. Her eyes had surely been pink and blue, yet when she gazed at me once more, her eyes had turned a shimmering silver. A faint emerald aura pulsed around her and began spreading onto me as well.
“Please, stand still for a moment, General Arthur,” she said, her voice seeming to echo. Alanis’ silver eyes darted left and right, up and down, studying me indepthly until her green aura faded and her silver eyes reverted to their normal colors.
“Scans are complete,” Alanis announced before walking back and scribbling furiously.
“What was that?” I asked. The hand that the elf had held tingled.
Alanis looked up from her clipboard and opened her mouth to speak when Emily quickly covered her mouth. “Hehe, we’ll tell you everything later. For now, why don’t we start with the training?”
“The lady has spoken!” Buhnd agreed, swinging his arms. “My limbs were beginning to calcify from staying still for so long.”
Hester rolled her eyes. “I hardly think that’s possible, but I agree with the dwarf. Princess Kathyln had told me much about you, General Arthur, and I’m quite curious to see if you live up to her exceedingly high standards.”
“It’s not like that,” Kathyln quickly amended, pushing her guardian away.
Smiling, I followed her and the three elders to the center of the room. We distanced ourselves roughly thirty feet from each other and I was surrounded on all sides. The princess positioned herself close to the pond in the rear corner with Buhnd to her left and the silent Camus to her right. My mind raced as I tried deciding which one I should start with my back to. Adrenaline coursed through my body, coalescing with the mana streaming through my limbs. The familiar feeling of my dry mouth and cold sweat rolling down my cheek told me all I needed to about the situation I was in.
The pressure that the four of them gave off sent chills down my spine, but my smile only grew wider. I licked my lips and lowered myself into a defensive stance. “Let’s begin.”


Chapter 182

Chapter 182
Chapter 182: Elders’ Assessment
As soon as the words left my tongue, the elders wasted no time in their attack. Hester moved first, forming a globe of fire in her palm. With a snap of her wrist, the burning sphere shot toward me, growing larger as it approached.
I turned to counter when the ground beneath me shifted abruptly, throwing me off balance. With hardly any time to react now, I spun while withdrawing Dawn’s Ballad from my ring. In one fluid movement, I launched a shockwave of frost from my blade, exploding the flaming globe prematurely before falling back.
“Tripping over your own feet, Young General?” Buhnd snickered, his hands glowing in an aura of yellow.
“For someone with so many muscles, you sure use some cheap parlor tricks,” I jeered, pushing myself up from the ground.
The dwarf shrugged. “I’m not the one that just fell on my arse.”
I responded to his snide comment with a smirk, keeping an eye out for the other two to make a move. I didn’t have to wait long.
Camus casually hurled a blade of wind in my direction. The crescent approached viciously, carving a path in the ground where it had travelled.
I swung Dawn’s Ballad into Camus’ attack when the crescent suddenly distorted before exploding.
“Lesson one of fighting as a conjurer. Be unpredictable,” Camus muttered.
A blast of wind nearly threw me back onto the ground. This time, however, I was able to react fast enough. I stabbed my sword into the ground, putting more force than I normally would to embed the broken tip of my sword into the dirt floor to brace myself against the blast.
I looked back up to see dozens of<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>jagged icicles, each as long as my arm, flying toward me.
Siphoning mana out of my core, I swung my free arm, releasing a wave of fire.
The large shards of ice evaporated with a <i>hiss</i> from my flames but before I could continue my attack, three triangular panels of stone shot up from the ground around me and collapsed on each other.
Trapped within the pyramid of earth, my vision darkened.
<i>This is getting annoying,</i> I thought.
Fighting against conjurers was fundamentally different than going up against augmenters. For one, they kept their distance and attacked from afar.
With a snap of my finger, I ignited a flame to study my surroundings. Just three walls coming together at a point about twenty feet above me.
“I might as well try and fight like a conjurer as well,” I muttered to myself, putting Dawn’s Ballad back into my ring.
I sent out a current of earth mana into the ground, and within a second I was able to make out the rough positions of all four of them as well as the two figures afar—which I assumed were Emily and Alanis.
Buhnder must’ve sensed what I did because almost immediately after, spikes of stone began jutting out of the walls.
<i>Crafty dwarf,</i> I smiled.
The spikes elongated, closing in. It was now or never.
After growing the flame I had used for light, I conjured a wave of frost with my other hand. I clasped the two opposing elements together, creating a blast of steam, spreading it until it filled the entire enclosure.
“Steam’s leaking out. Careful for a surprise attack,” Hester warned. “Princess, take advantage of the moisture from the steam.”
<i>Oh crap. </i>
I beckoned lightning to surge around my body, charging and containing it when I felt the temperature of the cloudy air around me plummet. I could see floating shards of ice forming but my spell was finished.
“Burst!” I hissed, discharging the currents of lightning coiling around my body. Tendrils of electricity surged out, shattering the ground and walls effortlessly until the the stone pyramid Buhnder had conjured collapsed.
A large cloud of dust, debris and steam covered much of the view, but Camus had somehow found me because the old elf was just a few feet away—swirling gales coiling around his arms.
Wordlessly, the wind conjurer <i>pushed</i>, sending me hurdling backward with the full blast of his wind.
Straight into Hester.
The elder was waiting for me on the other side with a fully formed globe of blue flames ready to fire.
With barely enough time to twist my body in the air to defend against the attack, I faced the full brunt of the sapphire flames.
<span class="s1"><b>KATHYLN GLAYDER</b></span>
Hester Flamesworth had been serving the Glayder family for over two decades, and while I’d always respected her magical prowess, it was because of her talents that she had the tendency to be a bit prideful. So when I saw Arthur’s form being consumed by the very blue flames that had set her apart from all the other fire-attribute conjurers of Sapin, I knew that she saw Arthur as a person she had to beat at all costs.
My hand unconsciously reached toward Arthur. No more than a few seconds could’ve passed when the blue flames began swirling. At first I thought it was Hester’s doing but when the cone of fire split with Arthur intact—aside from the few burnt ends of his long hair—I knew that he had had somehow dispersed the flames on his own.
Arthur let out a cough before speaking. “That was a close one.”
My guardian’s eyes widened just a little before feigning composure. “Impressive, General Arthur, but it seems like you’re taking us a little too lightly.”
Elder Buhndemog raised a bulbous arm. “I second that. If this is all you can do, I’m afraid we’re going to need a lot more than two months to train you.”
“It’s hard getting motivated if you so obviously hold back like that,” Elder Camus added before letting out a loud yawn and sitting down.
I frowned. I was told that Elder Camus was once a distinguished member of the elven army, but to think he was such an ill-mannered individual...
Perhaps if I was Arthur, I might have gotten offended by his conduct, but to my surprise, he started laughing.
“Sorry. I often find myself trying to match my opponents’ level to gauge. Bad habit of mine,” he said, calmly dusting himself off.
Suddenly, a wave of mana flooded out of Arthur as if a dam had just collapsed. My body instinctively reeled back from the force and when I looked back up, I could see that Camus was back on his feet—all signs of his lethargy gone—while both Hester and Elder Buhndemog had already thickened their aura for protection.
In the center of us all was Arthur, except his form had changed. His long hair now shimmered like liquid pearl and golden symbols ran down the lengths of his arms. If Arthur’s presence was strong before, it was outright oppressive now.
“I won’t use this form for the remainder of our training, but since today’s sparring serves to get ourselves acquainted with one another, I’ll graciously let loose,” he said to everyone, his back facing me.
The crude leather armor that Emily had clad him in now seemed almost majestic underneath the vivid nimbus of mana enveloping Arthur. He turned around and I was able to fully take in his amethyst eyes. I was having a hard time trying to find the right word to describe them.
Ethereal? Illustrious? Sovereign? Even those words didn’t seem to properly portray how those eyes seemed to shake my very core.
I had seen this form once before at Xyrus Academy when he battled against Lucas, but it was my first time seeing it this closely.
“Now that’s more like it!” Elder Buhndemog exclaimed, althought the slight tremor in his voice exposed his unease.
“Spread out!” Hester’s voice rang with authority as she leaped backward and prepared her spell. She knew—everyone knew—that the tables had turned. The second round had yet to start but already I felt the advantage we had in numbers was now gone.
As Arthur’s presence thickened like a shroud, the usual voice inside my head creeped up, saying that all was futile.
<i>No! You always do this, Kathyln. Stop doubting yourself. </i>
I bit down on my lip, berating myself for my pessimism. Ever since my awakening, I’d been constantly told how talented I was as a mage, yet I always found some way to tell myself I was lacking. Perhaps that’s why Arthur’s impression of me back when we had first met during the auction had remained so clear… even after all of these years. As a child and even now, he was smart, talented, sociable, knew what he wanted and had a smile that could light up the world.
Regaining my composure, I found myself eye-to-eye with Arthur once again. By his gaze, I knew he had been waiting for me, somehow sensing that my mind was elsewhere.
Doing all I could to keep my embarrassment from reaching my face, I quickly nodded and took up a stance.
His lips cracked up to form a faint smile and he gave me a nod in return. In that same instant, Arthur vanished, leaving behind only a footprint in the hardened ground and a few tendrils of electricity. By the time my eyes caught on to where he had appeared, Elder Camus had been knocked a few dozen feet in the air until the earth below him molded and cushioned his impact.
Black lightning coiled around Arthur as his eyes searched for his next target. Just before he could move again, the ground rose around his feet, anchoring him in place.
<i>Stop gawking and help,</i> I told myself.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
Using the water from the nearby pond as a catalyst, I shaped it into a giant frozen spear. As soon as I launched it, I felt Elder Camus push my ten-foot spear of ice with his wind magic, accelerating it to a speed that I couldn’t have achieved on my own.
Our cooperative attack tore through the air, spiraling viciously toward Arthur. Except, the man in question was still in place, staring straight at the giant spear of ice with only a hand up in defense.
<i>Is he not going to try and dodge? </i>
I thought about dispersing the spell, but Commander Virion had stressed how we needed to be serious about this in order to help Arthur.
To my surprise, just when the spell was inches away, my spell dispersed. Arthur was still pushed back from the gale surrounding my attack, but the ice spear that I had conjured had shattered.
Camus shot me a look as if asking whether I had been the one or not. I quickly shook my head, my brows knit in confusion.
<i>I’m sure it wasn’t me.</i>
Arthur got back to his feet, unaffected—rather with a hint of satisfaction on his face.
The elders and I all exchanged glances, no one completely sure exactly what had transpired.
“Bah!” Elder Buhndemog stamped his foot, raising a giant boulder from the ground beside him. “Show me more! Unless changing the color of your hair and eyes is the only thing you can do.”
Arthur smiled wickedly. “Gladly.”
My friend and now opponent became a blur. This time, I was able to follow his faint form, just barely.
He sent a shockwave of mana at Elder Buhndemog, but the dwarf expected that. He sculpted the boulder by his side to become a giant shield of stone.
A crater formed where the shockwave hit the shield, but it had been no more than a diversion. By the time time the shield had blocked his spell, Arthur had already targeted Hester with a lance of black lightning in his hand.
<i>He’s not attacking you because he’s afraid to hurt you, Kathyln,</i> the voice whispered tauntingly.
Letting out a sharp breath, I focused on a spell that General Varay had taught me. It was a spell I never liked using since it meant that I had to get close to my opponent, but Arthur’s concern in this situation was worse. I didn’t like to be pitied.
“Seraph of Snow.”
Layers of frost spread over my body, covering me in its icy grip. My clothing hardened into armor while a layer of white completely covered my body and the bottom half of my face.
With my body further empowered, I dashed straight to Arthur who was being attacked by everyone else.
Elder Camus was darting around sending blades of wind and cushioning Elder Buhndemog and Hester whenever they were knocked away by Arthur.
Arthur launched a spear of lightning at Camus, but it exploded mid air thanks to Hester’s intervention.
Everyone felt the presence of my spell, but Arthur was too preoccupied to notice.
The frost covering my arm changed form at my thought, extending and sharpening into a blade of ice.
I swung the same way General Varay had drilled into me for over a year.
My blade cut across his back, drawing blood that already froze. Arthur’s head snapped back to me, his gaze more of surprise than of pain. He spun around and launched a blade of wind at me but the layer of frost covering me mitigated the spell.
Without the need to physically block, I continued my attack. Drawing back my other hand, I pushed out, launching a shockwave of frost at Arthur.
My opponent quickly blocked my attack, but he was still pushed back—straight into Elder Buhndemog.
Arthur’s instincts were inhuman though, as he already twisted his body and prepared to defend when a gale of wind spun him uncontrollably.
The elderly dwarf saw him coming and an excited smile stretched across his white beard. He loaded his fist in position to punch while the earth around him trembled.
Pieces of the ground flew, combining together around his fist to form a giant gauntlet of stone. Hester empowered his attack by imbuing a blue flame around the earthen fist.
A painful <i>crash</i> resounded as Elder Buhndemog’s flaming rock fist connected straight into Arthur.
“Oh! That felt <i>so</i> good!” the dwarven elder beamed, shaking out the fire around his fist.
I dispersed my spell too, relishing the warmth that soon followed.
Arthur sat up from the crater his body—now back to normal—managed to create in the ground. Stretching his neck, he let out a groan. “You got me good there.”
Elder Buhndemog let out a hearty laugh in agreement. “The princess sure saved the day! The three of us were basically in a stalemate and I suspect the young general wasn’t even going all-out.”
“I’m not able to keep up that form indefinitely and I was already running out of steam.” Arthur shook his head. “But yeah, I wasn’t expecting you to come at me like some sort of ice ninja, Kathyln.”
I tilted my head, confused. “Ice… ninja?”
“Uh, nothing.” Arthur let out a wry chuckle, scratching the back of his head. “I shouldn’t have taken you lightly, that’s all.”
I blushed.
Thankfully, Elder Camus seized his attention, extending a hand and pulling Arthur up to his feet.
“Interesting boy,” the quiet elder said with the faintest trace of a smile.
“It seems we’ll have much to discuss,” Hester added. “I figure this will be a learning experience for all of us.”
We all agreed on that.
<p class="p1">—————————————
The five of us regrouped back near the entrance of the training room with Emily Watsken and Miss Emeria.
“Before I go over the analysis of today’s little assessment, I just wanted to hear some feedback,” Emily addressed. “Of course, our beautiful Miss Alanis Emeria has planned out a rigorous training schedule for General Arthur, but overall if there are any concerns, please let me know.”
Miss Emeria nodded, her expression deadpan. “Feedback is crucial.”
“I think it’s safe to say for everyone, especially General Arthur, that the biggest issue is concern for safety,” Hester noted.
“Ah, yes!” I’m actually in the works for something to help solve that problem, but it still needs some tinkering,” Emily responded.
“Can I ask what it is, exactly? I’m pretty curious,” Arthur asked.
“It’s a device that basically reads how much mana the wearer is being hit with, triggering a last-minute defense mechanism to prevent a lethal blow,” the artificer answered almost mechanically.
“If an artifact like that could be built, couldn’t it be given to all the soldiers in battle?” Elder Buhndemog mused.
Emily hesitated. “It could, but—”
“It would be astronomically expensive,” Miss Emeria finished. “Also, the defensive mechanism would only work for that single triggering attack. In a training environment, the opponent would stop but out on the battlefield, another attack would be all the enemy would need to finish the job.”
Elder Buhndemog stroked his beard. “True. Good point.”
“Yes, the artifacts are extremely expensive to make, not just for its cost but for the rarity of the material. Phoenix wyrm scales are needed to make the artifact and the Glayder family has so graciously bestowed us with a few for the sake of my new training devices,” Emily informed, looking at me with an appreciative gaze.
I wasn’t aware that Father and Mother still had some left.
“Speaking of training devices, what exactly is this getup for anyway?” Arthur asked, poking the gem on his leather chestplate. “I’m assuming this, and those plates all over the wall aren’t for decoration.”
At that, Emily smiled brightly. Even Miss Emeria had a trace of excitement shining in her eyes. “Everything, my friend, from the unappealing armor to the weird plates all across this room, is for the sake of recording and measuring everything that has to do with how you magic the hell out of people!


Chapter 183

Chapter 183
Chapter 183: Measuring Magic
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Measuring and recording someone ‘magic the hell out of people,’ was a rather un-intuitive way of describing an unfamiliar process to a group of elderly mages—and two teens.
However, once Emily quelled her enthusiasm and began slowly explaining the functions of the disks all over the room and the metal panel filled with gauges, as well as the leather armor I was wearing, I could see the excitement bubbling up on everyone’s faces.
“So the things attached all over the room serve as detectors of some kind to record how powerful a spell is?” Camus asked, tilting his head.
Emily nodded. “The word ‘powerful’ is a vague term, but yes. The disks were rather tricky to make because each one of them needs to be sturdy enough to receive the impact but sensitive enough to accurately transmit the feedback into my recording panel. That’s just one of its main aspects though; the other, I’ll explain in a bit.”
“What were those glowing lines connecting the disks earlier?” Hester asked.
“Good question!” Emily nodded. “Well you see, a spell is rarely going to be the size of just one sensor so I needed each disk placed relatively close to one another with sensors in between so that even when a spell is several yards in diameter, the disks can accurately gauge the impact or force of the spell. I made a new term for this measurement—It’s called force per unit, or fpu. The glowing trails of mana, that light up once powered sufficiently—in this case, by Princess Kathyln and the four elders—serves as sensors that connect each disk to one another so I can more accurately gauge the fpu of a spell as soon as it’s released into the field of disks.”
I could see more than a few eyes glazed over from confusion by Emily’s excited explanation, so I was tempted to remain quiet and let her run out of words to say, but I was curious about something as well. “So the disks act as sensors after basically being struck with a spell. What if I hypothetically fired a blast of wind at Elder Buhnd and he blocked it? The spell would never reach any of the disks, so would that spell not be measured?”
Emily’s eyes lit up. “As expected, you caught on to one of the shortcomings rather quickly. I realized in the early stages the same problem. If these disks were just targets to be hit, then the impact they receive is enough to get an accurate reading on the force of the spell. But in cases where live sparring takes place, more than half of the spells would be either unreadable or inaccurate at best due to being partially or fully mitigated by a counterattack from the opposing side. I said earlier on that recording through direct contact was just one of the main aspects of the disks. The other is also the reason why I needed to cover the whole room. Each of the disks not only sends visible trails of mana to the disks around them, but also creates a sort of ‘pressure’ that can be read right at the force of a spell as soon as it’s formed.”
“Is that why I had to help you put all those disks so deep beneath the ground?” Buhnd asked, scratching his head.
“Exactly, and so the disks aren’t in the way even when using earth magic!” she replied. “Thanks to Elder Buhnd, installing the disks underground was easy. It is through the sensors in the ground, all over the walls, and on the ceiling that manipulated mana can be measured even without the need for any of the disks to actually be physically hit with a spell.”
“Okay, so basically having this room completely surrounded in these disks creates a room where mana can be measured,” I simplified.
Emily pursed her lips. “Well… yeah, if you want to just summarize an entire six months’ work into a sentence, I guess so.”
I let out a laugh. “Believe me, I know very well what you created here is a technological marvel that’ll help mages develop much faster in the future, but I don’t think any of the people here have plans on being artificers.”
“True,” Emily admitted, still pouting.
“So you explained what the disks and the panel does, but what about this armor you’re having me wear?” I asked.
“Ah, I made that armor for Miss Emeria’s sake,” the artificer replied, turning her gaze to Alanis.
My training attendant nodded before speaking. “Miss Wykes noted the possibility that this ‘environment’ might have an effect on my personal ability, so she created that suit so that I can make accurate readings throughout your training.”
“That’s a rather vague explanation. If I didn’t know any better, it seems like you’re trying to keep your ability a surprise, just like Emily with her invention,” I teased my robotic assistant.
She was, however, less than amused. Her expression remained deadpan. “General Arthur, you asked for specifics of Miss Wykes’ suit, not my ability. If you are curious about my ability, please tell me so.”
“Will do,” I replied, taken aback. My training assistant, unlike Emily, didn’t seem very keen on explaining anything and everything pertaining to a certain subject. “So, Alanis, what does your ability do?”
The stoic-faced elf nodded, satisfied by my straightforward question. “After making a physical connection with an individual, I am able to utilize nature-affinity magic to accurately observe the mana flow of said individual. ”
I heard a snicker from Buhnd. Taking a peek, I saw the dwarf nearby nudging Camus with his elbow and whispering, “Hehe, physical connection indeed.”
I held back a groan while Camus simply ignored the lecherous dwarf.
“So does that make you a deviant of nature magic?” I asked, curious.
While it was common knowledge that the higher forms of wind, water, earth, and fire magic were sound, ice, gravity, and lightning respectively—with metal and magma magic specifically a dwarven specialty—little was known about what nature magic exactly was. It was acknowledged that only elves were able to utilize nature magic, which made magic researchers believe it was a sort of deviant specialty of wind and water, just like how magma was a specialized combination of fire and earth. One example of nature magic was plant manipulation, like what Tess was able to do, but I’d never heard of reading mana flow using nature magic.
“Whether my ability is an evolved form of nature magic or a specialized peripheral use of it, I am uncertain,” she answered. “However, Commander Virion tasked me with providing accurate feedback on your mana flow throughout the course of your training like I had for a few of the other lances.”
“You helped out the other lances too?” I asked. I wasn’t as much surprised by the fact that the others had been helped by her but more so that Virion hadn’t told me about Alanis until now.
“Yes,” she disclosed.
“How intriguing,” Hester chimed in. “To what extent does this sensory magic show about General Arthur?”
Alanis took out a small journal, bound by worn leather. She flipped through several pages before reading aloud, “General Arthur’s rate of mana flow upon manipulation from mana core to extremities measures at roughly point-four-six seconds for body augmentation. For spell casting, there is roughly a forty percent increase in time for wind-attribute spells and fifty-five percent increase for earth-attribute spells compared to ice and lightning-attribute spells. Fire and water magic were not used enough during the session so no readings could be made.”
“Point-four-six seconds is awfully specific. How were you able to accurately measure the time?” Camus asked, his interest piqued as well.
Alanis took out a small cube-shaped device from the inside of her suit-like jacket. “Miss Wykes generously provided me this time-counting device.”
She pressed a small button on the side and the cube began whirring before she quickly pressed it again. She showed us the top of the cube, and it showed the time, down to a fraction of a second.
“Never thought I’d see such a useless tool,” Buhnd grumbled, obviously uninterested in the analysis of these numbers.
“Nonsense. That device can measure how fast you can run from one end of the room to the other with those short stubs you call legs,” Hester jeered, a smug grin on her face.
Buhnd let a loud snort. “Why do such a plebian thing like running when I can have the earth underneath me move my feet, you old witch?”
The two began bickering once again, making me wonder what their relationship was. It wasn’t just their bickering, though; back when we were sparring, all three of the elders had had an uncanny degree of coordination, like they had fought together before.
I made a mental note to ask either Kathyln or Virion later.
Turning my attention back to the two elves, it seemed like Alanis had just finished answering Camus’ question, which I’d missed.
“I see,” the old elf replied thoughtfully. “I wouldn’t want to hassle Miss Wykes too much about this so I’ll procure some materials myself.”
“It’s really no problem at all, Elder Camus,” Emily chimed in. “I was planning on improving Arth—General Arthur’s suit anyway. Making a few more wouldn’t be much of a strain assuming I have the materials at hand.”
“What’s going on?” I whispered, leaning toward Kathyln.
“Elder Camus asked if it was possible for Miss Emeria to do readings for multiple people,” Kathyln answered, taking a step back from me.
<i>Whoops. A little too close for her. </i>
I distanced myself as well, remembering the princess had always been wary of her personal ‘bubble.’ “Does that go for you as well?”
She nodded. “I’m curious to know how the speed of my mana flow compares to others.”
The aspect of comparison brought up a whole load of questions to mind that I wanted to ask Emily, but it wasn’t the time to ask that now. Instead, I turned to my training assistant. “Alanis, what were my numbers after I used Realmhea—I mean, after my hair and eyes changed colors?”
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
Everyone looked at the straight-laced elf expectantly. Even Hester and Buhnd, whose squabbling—maybe even flirting—I had tuned out, stopped to hear her response. <span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
Alanis only had to flip a single page in her notebook before answering. “General Arthur’s spell casting efficiency, from the mental invocation stage to the physical shaping of elemental mana, increased nearly five-fold throughout all spectrums of elements, and…”
“And?” Buhnd pressed while everyone held their breaths.
Alanis shook her head. “My apologies, General Arthur. I did not record your body augmentation after the change in your form.”
“It’s okay,” I consoled. “Was it because there wasn’t enough of a difference in times?”
“Oh, no. It’s not because of that,” Alanis amended, her eyes wide. “I did not record you simply because I could not. General Arthur, your body augmentation speed is already normally on par with most of the lances. After the transformation, however, your body augmentation speed was much too fast for me to even attempt to measure.”
<p class="p1">***
“How’s your brother doing these days?” I asked, hoping to fill the uncomfortable silence in the corridor.
We were walking in one of the residential floors of the castle. The clear view of the moon and stars just outside told us that training had gone far longer than intended after our in-depth discussion about the intricacies of Emily’s gadgets and Alanis’ deviant ability. With everyone either already asleep or down in the lower levels working, the castle felt almost abandoned.
“Curtis is doing much better now that Father has finally allowed him to leave the castle—under supervision, of course,” Kathyln replied with a hint of envy. “He described in his last transmission scroll how rewarding it was to be one of the assistant training instructors at Lanceler Academy.”
“You’re not so lucky, I’m guessing?”
“I had hoped that getting stronger as a mage would allow me a little more freedom, but the image my father has of me remains that of a timid little princess,” she breathed.
I chuckled. “Well, to be fair. You are pretty timid.”
“I-I have been told that I’ve become more outgoing!” Kathyln replied, flustered. “Even the idea of participating as your sparring partner was by my insisten…” Her voice trailed off.
“What was that?”
She quickened her pace, walking on ahead. “It’s nothing.”
We walked in silence once more and I found myself paying eerily close attention to Kathyln’s walking. Her footsteps had an almost lulling cadence, each footfall deliberately made on the balls of her feet to make little sound. She was small-framed but each stride exuded a confidence that seemed well-rehearsed. If I didn’t know her, just by her walk, I would’ve thought she was just another arrogant and pretentious noble.
She stopped, and by the time I raised my eyes, I found her looking back at me with just the slightest raise in her left brow. “Is everything okay?”
Realizing that I had spent the past few minute staring at her legs, I blushed. “N-No, I mean yes, everything is okay.”
“Your footsteps are very quiet; I didn’t know if you were still walking behind me,” Kathyln said, waiting for me so we could walk abreast.
“I could say the same for you,” I laughed, “If I couldn’t see you in front of me, I would’ve thought you were a ghost.”
“Mother was very strict on anything that could be seen by those around us. Curtis and I were forced to receive lessons that covered every spectrum of what is expected of royal blood,” Kathyln answered.
“Oh! My mom had Ellie go to those kinds of classes when she was little. Except for the only thing she seemed to learn was how to get out of chores by saying they were ‘unladylike,’” I breathed.
Kathyln had a faint smile. “Ellie is your sister, correct? Short for Eleanor?”
“Yeah. Have you met her? She’s usually in the outdoor balcony practicing her archery.”
“I have seen her on occasion but never talked to her,” she answered.
“She can be a bit intimidating with that bear she always takes around,” I admitted. “I’ll have to properly introduce you to her sometime. I’m sure she’d be excited to get to know you.”
Kathyln’s smile widened to a point where it actually looked like a smile. “I’d… like that.”
We continued talking as we made our way to her room. Hester was originally supposed to escort the princess back, but I wanted to get out of the training room and actually planned on getting something to eat after so I volunteered. The old mage was reluctant, but knowing Kathyln was with a lance and the excitement of measuring the fpu of her spells outweighed everything else.
She, along with the two other elders stayed behind with Emily and Alanis to measure the force of their spells. If someone were to stand absolutely still and stay quiet, it was possible to feel the castle tremble slightly every so often.
Kathyln’s room was just a few feet ahead when I remembered. “Does your guardian personally know Buhnd?”
She nodded. “All three elders know each other.”
My brows lifted in surprise. “Really? How?”
The three of them played crucial roles in the last war between human and elves. Darv sent soldiers to help Sapin during the war, which is how Hester and Elder Buhnd know each other. After the war was over, leaders from all three kingdoms were obligated to attend a summit held every couple of months in an attempt to mend broken bridges. I’ve heard of Elder Camus’ and Elder Buhndemog’s name mentioned several times by Hester. They often trained together before.”
“That explains their impressive coordination during the spar,” I noted.
I wanted to ask more about Hester and the Flamesworth House in general, but we had been standing outside of Kathyln’s door for a bit now and it felt more proper to ask Hester directly.
“Will you be okay by yourself, Princess?” I teased as Kathyln carefully unlocked her door with a touch of a palm. My room didn’t have a mana signature reader, but then again, having one probably didn’t do me much good.
“Father took extra precautions with the reinforcements in my room,” she said before taking out a familiar-looking pendant from around her neck. “I also have this.”
“That’s made from a phoenix wyrm, right?” I asked, knowing where I had seen it.
“I’m impressed you know what it is with such a brief glance,” she replied. “The artificer, Gideon, made these from the core and scale of a phoenix wyrm.”
“It’s beautiful,” I said, omitting the fact that I had bartered two of the same artifacts from Gideon almost ten years ago for the blueprints on the steam engine ship. Ellie and my mother were still wearing them now, one of the reasons why I could sleep a little easier at night.
“Thank you.” She tucked the phoenix wyrm pendant back inside her shirt. “And thank you for walking me back. I was happy to see Hester so eager but knowing her, she wouldn’t have stayed with me inside.”
“No problem,” I responded. “It’s the least I could do for taking the time to help me with my training.”
She shook her head. “It’s training for me as well. No need to thank me for that.”
“Well, then let’s train hard and get even stronger.” I stuck out a hand.
Kathyln stared at my open hand for a moment before gingerly accepting the gesture.
Both her palm and her fingers were warm to the touch—hot, even—and her hand remained absolutely still in my grip. Making sure my friendly gesture didn’t linger until an uncomfortable duration, I gently squeezed her hand before letting go. “Goodnight.”
Without even a pause, she whipped her head away and shut the door. From the other side of her door, I heard a muffled, “Goodnight, A-Arthur.”


Chapter 184

Chapter 184
Chapter 184: Aspect of Unpredictability
Nico slapped the back of my dueling vest. “Are you ready, Grey?”
I continued the last set of my stretches, more out of anxiousness than to loosen my body. We were in the underground waiting area where dozens of other students were either practicing their techniques on the padded mats or restlessly pacing until their name was called by one of the officiators.
“Ready as I can be, I suppose,” I finally replied while swinging my arms.
“Come on. You’re going to have to be more confident than that—more hungry,” Nico pressed. “I know how hard you’ve had it, being bullied by everyone from the second and first division—”
“How could you possibly know how hard I’ve had it?” I cut in, annoyed. “Moving from Division Four into Division Three last year made their ‘pranks’—most of which ended in me having welts and broken bones—worse because I apparently didn’t ‘know my place.’”
“My bad,” Nico stammered, taken aback by my sharpness.
“You’re in the first class of Division One, respected by teachers and peers. While I’m proud of you for that, just don’t think that translates into you knowing what I’ve been through these past years.”
He nodded. “I was just trying to help.”
I let out a sigh. “It’s fine. I’m sorry for snapping at you. I’m just really sick of those nobles flaunting their house names as a badge to do whatever they want to me.”
“Yeah. It doesn’t help that most of their parents are generous donors of the academy. It only serves to have the teachers turn a blind eye to students with no family to back them like us.”
“At least they treat <i>you</i> well,” I said, sitting with my back against the cold wall. “Being better at them intellectually doesn’t seem to hurt their ego nearly as much as being better at them in combat.”
“Thank God for that,” Nico chuckled. “At least you can defend yourself.”
I agreed. “I’m just hoping the judges won’t be as unfair as they have been and let me finally get into the second division.”
“Seriously. Even if your ki level isn’t as high, taking into account your overall combat ability should have at least put you in Division Two last year. I still can’t believe they held you back even after you pummeled that mouthy kid.”
Letting out a scoff, I asked, “Remember him taunting me before the start of the match, saying he could beat me with one hand?”
Nico suppressed a laugh in fear that the boy in question was somewhere in the large room. “That match was over so quick, he didn’t even have time to take his hand out of his pocket.”
“Yet, here I am, taking part in these rigged assessment duels.” I thumped my head against the wall, letting the dull pain wash away my despair.
“About that.” Nico lowered his voice. “I heard from the other engineering students that there’s a new judge this year, said to be cold and impartial.”
I raised a brow. “How would the engineering students know about that?”
Nico let out a cough and looked away. “Supposedly, she’s also a very attractive-looking lady. You know how it is with the engineering guys; they’re a lewd bunch.”
“Seems like that includes you as well,” I smirked. “I wonder what Cecilia’s going to think when I tell her this.”
“Y-You wouldn’t.” Nico’s face blanched. “After all I’ve done to try and help you.”
Just then, a gruff voice called out my name over the intercom. “Cadet Grey to Arena Six. Failure to show will result in an automatic loss. Once again, Cadet Grey to Arena Six.”
I picked up the blunted dueling sword that was lent to me for the assessment, and winked at Nico. “I’ll keep you and your engineering dogs’ little interest to myself.”
Nico just let out a breath of defeat and motioned for me to go.
After waving back at my friend, I made my way up the wide ramp that led to the surface.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>I had to raise a hand to shield myself from the midday sun until my eyes could adjust, and when it did I found myself in the center of a wide outdoor stadium.
Raised circular platforms dotted the large field of grass. Students and faculty members of the academy surrounded the platforms, some judging or scouting while some were just there to watch their friends or upcoming opponent.
The bleachers surrounding the stadium were dotted with people too far away to recognize, not that I would know any of them. Prior events made it easy to assume most of the adults seated were family members of students participating in today’s assessment duels.
I made my way in the direction of the sign that read ‘Arena Six,’ slipping through the crowds congested around the arenas in between.
“Great, an audience,” I mumbled to myself. There was a large group of varying age excitedly chattering amongst themselves. One portly middle-aged man had his arms up on the arena, giving last minute advice to the boy my age until the slender referee informed the man not to lean on the stage.
I barely had room to go up the stairs that lead to the elevated dueling arena, and all throughout the way, eyes bored into me. Some cast assessing gazes, trying to size me up to make their own prediction on whether their son, cousin, nephew—or whatever their relation to the boy up on the stage was—could beat me.
On the arena platform stood only me, the boy I’d be facing, and the referee. The later rounds in assessments would have a panel of ‘unbiased’ judges as well, but this was only the first.
“Make us proud, Simeon!” the portly man from earlier roared.
“You can do it, Simmy!” A curly-haired woman hooted excitedly.
“Sir, the barrier will be up soon, so please refrain from leaning forward onto the arena. I will not remind you again,” the slender referee said sternly.
“Dad, please!” the boy named Simeon groaned, shooing his father away.
Without further delay, the referee took out a key and slid it alongside the far edge of the arena. Immediately, a light flickered around us, casting a translucent wall about thirty feet high.
“Weapons in position,” the referee announced. “Traditional dueling rules apply. Match will end when one of you yields or when the protective barrier around the dueling vest shatters. Points will be earned on solid contact, not glancing blows. Cadet Grey, Cadet Simeon Cledhome, are you ready?”
I kept the blade of my sword low, gripping only with one hand, while Simeon took on a more traditional pose with both hands firmly on the handle and the blade positioned vertically out in front of him.
The two of us dipped our heads in acknowledgement, our gazes locked onto each other.
“Begin!”
Immediately, Simeon lunged, clearing the distance of over ten feet between us in a single step. He had concentrated his ki to his back leg, pushing off and redistributing back to the rest of his body after gaining the momentum he wanted to achieve—not an easy feat.
However, his burst seemed seemed like a wade through viscous waters in my eyes. By the time his sword was lined in position to stab at my vest, I was contemplating between three different courses of action.
I went with the simplest, pivoting so his blunted weapon would would barely glide across my chest.
Executing the same technique as Simeon, I concentrated ki into my back leg and torso for support. In one swift stroke, I stepped into range and spun using my leg and hips for momentum. That way, even though I didn’t enhance my arm with ki, the strength of my attack was enough to knock Simeon off his feet.
Just before my sword struck him, he managed to twist his body so his left shoulder took the force of the blow, not his vest.
“Gah!” Simeon let out a pained yell as his right hand dropped his sword and cradled his injured shoulder.
I thought for sure he’d yield so I remained in my position, my eyes shifting between the referee and Simeon.
A muted thump drew my attention, and I could see the father banging wildly at the barrier. “Get up, Simeon! Get up!”
After a series of groans and curses, my opponent was back on his feet, his left arm dangling limply by his side while his right arm struggled to hold his long sword.
I cast a look of doubt at the referee, but he shook his head. The match wasn’t over.
In an act of desperation, Simeon tried to catch me off guard while my attention was on the referee. He dashed once more, sacrificing his speed by allocating most of his ki into his arm. With his right arm strengthened, he was able to easily swing the heavy dueling sword.
His stubbornness was respectable, but the match was already over.
I struck his right hand, causing Simeon to drop his weapon immediately. Without stopping, I spun and kicked his right thigh, which was unprotected by ki.
Simeon let out a grunt while he buckled to his knee. The tip of my sword was already waiting for him underneath his chin.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“I-I yield,” he breathed.
“No!” his father protested, banging wildly against the barrier. “The boy cheated! No way my Simeon would lose to some no-named rat!”
“Enough!” The referee berated. “Cadet Simeon Cledhome’s assessment duels will take place amongst the other defeated cadets while Cadet Grey will move on. That is all!”
With that, the referee withdrew the barrier and allowed us to leave. Simeon walked down those stairs like his soul had just withered. I almost felt bad for him. His ki control was considered pretty good since most kids in my division were now getting a firm grasp on basic body strengthening, not ki allocation.
His mother immediately gave him a hug and gingerly caressed his wounded shoulder while his father stared daggers, as if his son’s loss was because of me.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>I guess it was, so I stared back and did the respectable thing to the portly man of House Cledhome.
I smir—smiled politely. Now… if he saw that as being rude or arrogant, that was on him.
<span class="s1"><b>ARTHUR LEYWIN</b></span>
“What were you dreaming about?” a familiar coarse voice asked, startling me awake.
My eyes shot open to see Virion, his face just a foot away from my own, wrinkled with a wide grin.
“Gah!” I yelped, bolting up and nearly colliding heads with the old man.
From the side, I could hear Emily and my sister giggling while even Boo and Sylvie huffed in amusement.
“Damn it, Virion. Your face is terrifying,” I cursed, gathering my wits.
“You were smiling so widely that I just had to wake you up and find out what it was you were dreaming about,” the old elf snickered. “Was it perhaps one of <i>those</i> dreams?” he continued, waggling his eyebrows suggestively.
“Are you sure you’re fit to lead this continent’s entire army?” I groaned, fighting back the urge to roll my eyes.
The commander, who was casually sitting on the ground next to me with his back against the cold metal wall of the training room like any old elder you might find in a rural town, simply shrugged. “I’m pretty sure smiling lewdly while asleep in a public setting isn’t very fitting of a lance either.”
“It wasn’t a lewd smile!” I protested.
“It was kind of creepy,” Ellie chimed in.
“It was just a dream about when I was younger. You know, when times were simpler,” I shot back.
It wasn’t a lie. Just not the entire truth.
Ellie exchanged glances with my bond before shrugging.
<i>‘Was it another dream of your former life?’</i> Sylvie probed, concern in her voice.
<i>I wouldn’t worry too much about it, Sylv,</i> I comforted.
Turning my gaze away from my vulpine bond, I watched as Kathyln and the three elders finished warming up. Only a day had passed since the first training session, but the fact that I couldn’t get any sleep while trying futilely to extract mana out of Uto’s horns without the acclorite in my right hand absorbing it first made it feel like a week had gone by.
The last thing I had remembered was coming into the training room and seeing my sister and Boo with Virion. While Emily and Alanis prepared the training equipment she had made for Kathyln and the elders, I had sat down and talked with the commander. I had asked him about my personal training assistant and how he even found someone like her and why he never bothered to tell me.
Virion had explained how he first met Alanis while visiting a unit stationed near the southern border of Elenoir, where the Elshire Forest ended. He had stumbled upon Alanis in one of the medic’s tents helping a soldier who had gotten ambushed by the corrupted beasts. While she was only a nurse there, Virion apparently saw the true value of her deviant magic and brought her to the castle. During the time I was training in Epheotus, Virion had made all of the lances undergo evaluation by Alanis so they could improve where their mana flow was the weakest or slowest.
Virion explaining to me that corrupted beasts were what the soldiers dubbed the mana beasts infected by the Vritra was the last thing I could remember before waking up to the sight of the old man’s face hovering over mine.
Trying to shake off the lingering weariness, I got up and stretched.
“Looks like the boy is ready,” Virion exclaimed, motioning Emily over.
The artificer hurried to me, carrying the training equipment she had managed to upgrade in such a short amount of time.
Instead of the full leather armor used to bounce back the mana waves needed for Emily to record the power of my spells without interrupting Alanis’ internal readings, I now only had to attach a few bands to my arms and legs and wear a thin chestplate with the gem embedded on it.
After I finished putting on the new equipment, my training assistant approached me with her eyes glued to her notebook.
“General Arthur. I have finished compiling the training schedule for the next seven weeks catered to improving your mana flow times during body augmentation and spell casting of your lesser elements,” she said, raising her gaze to me while handing me her notebook.
“The first two weeks will be one-on-one training,” I noticed after a cursory glance. “That probably isn’t the best use of time considering I only have two months, right?”
“I agree,” she nodded, taking back her notebook, “However, your goal in all of this, General Arthur, by immersing yourself in combat scenarios involving all of the elements, was to acquire the knowledge of which elements can be best utilized depending on the situation in order to apply that in later battles, correct?”
Her thought process was a lot more technical but she got the gist of it. “Correct.”
“While it’s commendable that you’re willing to become a training dummy in order to achieve this goal, it’s impractical for one main reason.”
Her statement piqued my curiosity. “Go on.”
“It is to my understanding after your assessment with your four trainers that the main reason for your—forgive my bluntness—problem stems from how solidified your fighting style is already,” she answered. “It is to my understanding that you have previously tried to train your lesser elements before by forcibly inhibiting your strongest elements, correct?
“Yet, even after doing so, once you allowed yourself to go back to your more comfortable elements, your fighting style reverted back to what I gathered as close-combat with elemental integration in your attacks.”
“That sounds about right,” I said, thinking about what my core fighting style was. Much of my abilities had improved since my time as Grey, but my core style, which was the use of the sword and body, still existed—albeit improved after my training with the asura, Kordri.
“In order for your body to learn new ways of fighting outside of your usual methods, a slow transition is required, along with another important component: unpredictability.” I could tell the twinkle Alanis’ eyes that she was almost as enthusiastic about training regimens as Emily was about artificing.
“General Arthur, you will start off with one-on-one spars against the four training partners here today. They will trade places in random time frames so your body will not get the chance to acclimate,” she explained in a serious tone. “On top of that, for each session, you will not be able to use one element.”
“And which element is that?” I asked, looking over her notes.
The usually impassive elf had the slightest glimmer of a smile. “That will be chosen at random and switched at random, General Arthur. Unpredictability, remember?”
“It seems like my original idea of brainlessly sparring four versus one has become much more convoluted,” I chuckled.
“The training regimens she made for the other lances were just as complicated,” Virion chuckled, standing up.
After dusting off his robe, Virion headed to the door. “I’ll be by whenever to see how things progress. Alanis, don’t break Arthur. I still need him.”
Alanis nodded sternly, as if she had seriously considered it a possibility.
With that, the old elf bid us farewell. Kathyln and the elders, who had just finished warming up, showed their respects as the commander left.
“The equipment is all ready to go!” Emily exclaimed as soon as the door closed behind Virion.
I looked around at the training room, spotting Kathyln blotting her forehead with a handkerchief and Hester straightening out the creases in her tight-fitting robe. “So, who am I going up against fir—”
The ground underneath my feet abruptly shot up like a spring, ejecting me into the air.
I was startled for perhaps a split second before realizing that it had to be Buhnd. It had been less than a day since I first met the bearded ball of muscle and he was already becoming somewhat predictable.
My body was launched about twenty feet in the air and when I managed to twist myself to face my first opponent, the old dwarf was waiting for me with a wide smile, his bulging arms stretched out wide as if expecting me to hug him.
A smile creeped up on my face as I siphoned mana into my hand.
<i>At least I won’t be bored. </i>


Chapter 185

Chapter 185
Chapter 185: Guest Teacher
“Switch!” Alanis called out just as my wind-infused fist was about to connect with Camus’ chest.
I muttered a string of curses, stopping my strike. <i>How is it that over these past few days, the matches always seem to stop at such inconvenient times? She has to be doing this on purpose. </i>
As if to answer my accusation, my trainer clarified by saying, “Exactly twenty minutes have passed. Elder Camus will be switched for Elder Hester. General Arthur, please restrict your water magic.”
I wiped the sweat pouring down my face, trying to get a breather until my next opponent arrived. Having my water magic banned meant that I couldn’t use ice as well. How frustratingly convenient for Hester, who would’ve been at a disadvantage against those two elements.
Taking a peek at the audience, I could tell everyone had been paying close attention to my last fight against Camus, my sister particularly engrossed.
The elder approached me until we were just about a dozen feet apart. Tying her long grey hair back into a bun, she readied into a dueling stance. Being a silver core mage meant that, while her strength was conjuring, she could easily augment her body. The fact that she wore tight-fitting clothes and chose to use a conjuring ring rather than the traditional staff or wand meant that she wanted the flexibility of both long range and close range combat.
“Begin,” Alanis stated, her voice amplified by the artifact she was speaking into.
Hester immediately snapped her finger, a spark igniting between her middle finger and her thumb.
The blue ember was just a distraction though.
Since I wasn’t using Realmheart, my eyes couldn’t see the fluctuations in mana, but I could feel it. My body, enhanced through assimilation with Sylvia’s dragon will, seemed to instinctively sense that I was in danger.
I quickly propelled myself back, just in time to see a burst of fire detonate where I had been standing.
The explosion caused a cloud of smoke, obstructing my view of Hester.
<i>She didn’t expect to hit me with that. She wants me to lose sight of her. </i>
I swung my arms, manipulating the cloud of dust between us to shoot forward. The rock and sand in the air froze still for a second before erupting forward into a shockwave of debris.
Like I had predicted, Hester’s form came into view. She managed to shield herself with a panel of fire. It was my turn to strike back.
Augmenting mana into my legs, I flashed forward, gathering blue fire into my fists.
I striked at the panel of fire, expecting my flame to overpower hers. Her spell disintegrated, but to my surprise, Hester was no longer behind the panel of fire she had conjured.
That’s when I felt it again, the primal instinct that told me I was in danger. This time, it came from below my feet.
Blue fire swirled beneath me before erupting into a pillar of flames. For a moment, my vision turned blue as an intense heat washed over me.
My aura blocked the attack long enough for me to manipulate the fire from harming me. If I accrued too much damage, the defensive artifact in my armor would activate, making it my loss.
Just when the heat was becoming unbearable, I was able to dispel Hester’s attack and break the pillar of fire… only to find myself surrounded by a dozen or so fiery spheres, each the height of an adult.
Judging by the fact that I couldn’t see or sense Hester, and that each globe of fire would be able to fit a grown woman inside, I knew she was in one of the globes.
If she was trying to annoy me with all of these distractions, it was working.
I stomped the ground, conjuring earthen spikes. Only half of the spikes hit its mark.
<i>Note to self. Practice aiming with earth magic. </i>
The spikes that did hit bore straight through the spheres of fire, causing them to disperse. But it didn’t take long for new spheres of flames to manifest and take their place.
Before I could strike them down again, the flaming globes brightened before launching their attacks.
Each globe seemed to have a mind of its own, as the attacks fired by them were different from each other. One globe shot a barrage of small fire bullets, while another began spinning and releasing burning crescents.
I was forced onto the defensive by the barrage of attacks coming from all directions. I erected a stone wall from the ground to block the flame bullets and launched a blade of wind at the burning crescent, detonating the fiery spell prematurely.
My mind raced, trying to think of my next move. I couldn’t keep staying on the defensive, but I had no idea which flaming sphere she was hiding inside of.
The temptation to just release Realmheart grew, but I knew that was just a shortcut into solving my inadequacy by blowing off most of my mana.
<i>Think, Arthur. How would I try to fight me if I was Hester? </i>
The only strategy I could think of was to get on my nerves until I let my guard down. That was the answer.
I let out a roar of frustration, wildly launching shockwaves of wind and blasts of fire at the globes. Of course, the ones I hit were replaced by new ones, but I continued my seemingly agitated assault.
Coalescing tendrils of lightning around my arms and legs, I flashed forward, striking down the spheres of fire up close.
For each globe I struck down, another two took its place until over thirty spheres hovered around me.
<i>Her mana pool is impressive. </i>
The spheres began undulating this time while they glowed brighter. I thought they were all going to explode, but instead each of the flaming globes shot a condensed stream of fire at me.
<i>Is this the final attack?</i> I thought, noticing that the spheres grew smaller as they released their flaming beam.
I put on my best expression of surprise and horror and waited until all of the beams were just about to hit me before I acted.
Siphoning a large amount of mana for my core, I engulfed my entire body in a suit of fire. Absolute control was necessary to keep the fire from harming me, but timing it with Hester’s last attack would make it seem like I was hit.
Even with several extra layers of pure mana and fire mana protecting me from Hester’s barrage, I felt the fire singeing the hair on my extremities. I feared for a second that I might actually come out of this bald, but my aura kept me—and the majority of my hair—safe.
I heard Ellie call out to me in horror over the roar of the flames, but I kept my focus on the opponent. I knew Hester wouldn’t let her guard down even from this.
This next part was the hard part.
One aspect to consider for a multi-elemental mage was his strength to not just know <i>when</i> to utilize each of his elements, but <i>how</i> to utilize multiple elements in conjunction to one another.
Keeping the flaming barrier around my body, I split off a part of my focus so I could manipulate the ground underneath me.
I felt my flames tremble—a sign that my concentration was wavering.
<i>Almost</i>. Enduring the growing heat around me as I manipulated a hole into the ground for me to fit inside, I waited until I finally saw Hester’s silhouette through the layer of fire between us.
<i>Now!</i>
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
I collapsed my protective spell just as I fell into the ground, immediately covering the ground above me so I was completely submerged below.
The earth shook at what I assumed was Hester’s next strike.
Without wasting any time, I <i>pushed </i>at the earth around me, utilizing the seismic perception spell to sense where everyone was. I felt a ripple in the earth from a different location—it was the same perception spell that I had used except far stronger.
Focusing back on the task at hand, I shaped the earth around me, allowing myself to slowly move underground.
I knew experts like Buhnd were able to traverse underground as easily as if they were underwater, but unfortunately I wasn’t at that level.
It didn’t matter, though. It was Hester’s turn to be caught off guard.
I only took two seconds to gather mana around my right first for my final attack. As soon as I was ready, I cleared the earth above me and bolted up to the surface by infusing wind mana beneath my feet.
Black lightning coiled around my right arm like a vicious serpent ready to strike. Just beneath me, standing on the ground, was Hester, her arms enveloped in a fire fashioned into long blades with thin tendrils of electricity wrapped around them—no doubt her actual finishing move.
Hester whipped around to face me just as my body descended. It was too late though. I was within striking range and she wasn’t in the safety of her fire orb.
We were playing to my strength now.
My opponent’s lips moved—whether she was cursing or chanting a spell, I couldn’t tell—as she brought up her flaming arm blades.
The black lightning tore free from my arm as I unleashed the voltaic charge at Hester. The black tendrils ripped through the air until our two spells collided.
A sphere of congealed fire and lightning formed from the impact, growing larger and brighter until it finally exploded with us in the epicenter.
<span class="s1"><b>KATHYLN GLAYDER</b></span>
The explosion obscured our view of Arthur and Hester. My eyes flitted to Arthur’s little sister; I was prepared to conjure a barrier in case the shockwave reached us, but her bond had already responded, pulling her close with its body positioned to block any remnant of the blast caused by the colliding spells.
With Arthur’s little sister the target of my concern, I forgot to protect myself from the shockwave that detonated.
I braced for impact, trying to raise a wall of ice in time, but to my surprise, the ground beneath me sank. I found myself a few feet below the surface, the shockwave passing through harmlessly above me.
After the explosion subsided, I was raised back up to come face to face with Elder Buhnd.
“Careful, Princess,” he grinned before turning his attention back to the origin of the blast.
The cloud of debris caused by the explosion subsided and I could see the two figures.
Arthur, while disheveled, was standing. My guardian, on the other hand, had fallen back—a soft pink glow surrounding her signaling that the defensive artifact had been triggered.
Elder Buhnd clasped his hands together, obviously excited. “Haha! Brilliant!”
“The artifact worked seamlessly!” Miss Watsken exclaimed from the side, excited for a different reason.
“It’s worrying that you’re this surprised about the same device meant to keep my brother from dying,” Arthur’s little sister muttered, patting the dust off of her wardrobe.
“I wasn’t surprised!” the artificer protested. “Just happy that there were no unexpected complications.”
“Mhmm.” Arthur’s sister cast one last look of doubt at Miss Watsken before turning her focus to her bond.
“What was General Arthur’s mana flow readings during that battle?” Elder Camus asked Miss Alanis. I eavesdro—listened in, curious about Arthur’s improvement over the last few days.
Miss Alanis’ eyes glowed in a myriad of colors as she assessed Arthur’s internal data. Eventually her irises reverted back to their original colors. “General Arthur’s mana flow for spell casting earth and wind have increased by four percent and two percent, respectively.”
“And that’s a… good thing?” Elder Buhnd asked, his thick brows knitted in confusion.
“The rate of General Arthur’s growth is… impressive, to say the least. It has been less than a week, yet the improvements he has made in his peripheral elements is remarkable,” she replied before recording her newest findings into her journal.
“I think you’d be more helpful in the war if you led a larger group of soldiers than trying to push that old body of yours,” a familiar voice sounded from behind us.
My eyes widened as I realized it was Commander Virion accompanied by General Bairon as well as Master Varay.
I immediately lowered my head in respect.
“No need for such formalities. I’m just here to check up on my youngest general,” Commander Virion chuckled. “Actually let me apologize in advance.”
I raised my head tentatively, locking eyes with Master Varay. My teacher of ice magic regarded me with her strong gaze before turning her attention to the aftermath of Hester and Arthur’s mock battle.
“That passive-aggressiveness is beneath you, Virion—I mean, Commander,” Elder Camus responded with a slight smile.
“Part of my job is making sure my strongest assets are being as effective as they can,” Commander Virion clipped back, smiling amiably as he squeezed Elder Camus’ shoulder.
“What are you apologizing for?” Elder Buhnd asked. “Don’t tell me you’re going to cut our play—training time short! I was just about to go next!”
“Actually, Princess Kathyln was scheduled to go first,” Miss Emeria corrected.
Master Varay approached me with a casual gait, stopping in front of me. She tenderly picked out a piece of debris that had become lodged inside my hair. “It’s been a while, Kathyln. You’ve gotten stronger.”
Blushing, I quickly combed my fingers through my hair, trying to get rid of any other signs of my unkempt appearance. “Thank you, Master. I’ve been growing in strength while training alongside the elders and General Arthur.”
She nodded before shifting her gaze behind me. I looked back to see Arthur pulling Hester back up on her feet. I could make out Arthur’s lips moving but it was impossible to hear what he was saying.
“I just arrived from a mission and have some rare time,” she began, unclipping the fur-lined cloak over her shoulders.
The rich midnight blue cloth fell to the ground, revealing Master’s signature battle attire, a minimal navy armor with gold accents that looked like a gift from the asuras when she wore it.
I stepped out of the way and let her pass, already knowing what she was going to ask.
“At least the show’s going to be entertaining,” Elder Buhnd grumbled as he sat down on a stone chair he had just conjured.
“Umm, G-General Varay. I’m not sure the artifact has enough fuel to withstand a duel of this caliber,” Emily said, raising a shaky hand.
Without breaking stride, Master Varay locked eyes with Arthur. Even in his disheveled and worn out state, my former classmate’s eyes gleamed as his mouth curved into a smile.
“Bairon. Help Miss Watsken fuel up her artifact for my little skirmish against our newest lance.”


Chapter 186

Chapter 186
Chapter 186: Beauty in Magic
I watched as Arthur and my master stood face to face just a dozen feet apart. Their presence collided terrifyingly, submerging the room in a heavy shroud as they merely waited.
Finally, Miss Watsken’s strained voice croaked from behind as if she was already regretting what she was about to say. “Th-The barrier is ready… I think.”
Her voice was soft, but Master and Arthur must’ve heard because the auras thickened around them. A shimmering veil of bluish silver surrounded my master unlike Arthur’s aura, which was myriad of different hues—no doubt because of his multiple affinities.
Commander Virion, along with the elders and even General Bairon watched in silence, each of them afraid to blink in case they might miss anything. I could sympathize with them, I was standing as close as I could without endangering myself.
Just the mere sight of them was awe-inspiring. I felt a sense of pride watching my master and the presence she had in a room filled with masters of magic. I had no doubt that, regardless of<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>the many sparring sessions I could provide for Arthur, training just once with Master was more valuable.
Suddenly, Master’s body flickered and disappeared. Arthur reacted instantly, his form flashing away just in time to dodge Master’s first strike.
Where her frozen lance pierced the ground, ice spread.
Arthur seemed to want to test his own ice magic against Master, because he responded by hurling a shockwave of frost.
With a flick of her wrist, Master dispersed the shockwave, using Arthur’s frost to fuel her own magic. The white mist swirled, forming into a dozen spears of ice around Master. She clutched her fist and the ice spears beckoned to her call, shooting at her opponent.
As impressive as Master’s control over ice was, Arthur’s speed in dodging her barrage was even more splendid. His body seemed to have split and multiplied from the afterimages. I had heard that he was able to go even faster, but that his body wasn’t able to handle the stress.
Someone beside me clicked their tongue. I turned to see Buhnd with an expression of frustration. “I see the young General was holding back on us.”
“Arthur has a tendency to hold back with anyone he even suspects is weaker than him. Against Varay, he can go at full strength,” Commander Virion said, his arms crossed.
“Why isn’t he using that form of his—Realmheart, I think he called it,” Hester asked, her face still strained from her duel against Arthur.
“I think it’s so he can enjoy the fight longer,” a light voice answered. “It’s not everyday you can see my brother look so happy.”
Arthur’s little sister was watching atop her bond as if in a trance. She had the same gaze I often saw Arthur have when he was truly focused on something. They really did resemble one another.
A loud crash drew my attention back to the battle. Where there was once only a dirt field was now a snowy expanse. Master, who had just blocked an attack from Arthur, waved her arm and manipulated the snow around her. A vortex of frost swirled to life, forming into a spiraling serpent.
Elder Buhnd whistled in appreciation as all gazes followed Master’s creation. A snowy frost formed the long body of the dragon while the jagged claws and fangs were made of ice.
The ice dragon opened its maw at Arthur, who readied himself. Brilliant blue flames coiled around his arms, melting the snow around him as his gaze remained locked on the mighty dragon.
“Smart move, giving up on playing to her strengths,” Hester praised.
Arthur lowered his stance, digging his back legs into the ground for support before he unleashed his fiery attack.
The coiling vines of blue fire around his arms conjoined before erupting into a devastating blast at the frost dragon.
Their two opposing spells crashed, enveloping the two of them in an expanding sphere of steam and debris.
“Care!” Elder Camus grunted, conjuring a barrier of wind around all of us.
We all braced ourselves for the shockwave that ripped out from the collision. The ground trembled and cracked while pieces of rock and ice bombarded the protective spell around us.
As the cloud of steam and dust faded, I could see two figures in the air. Master was flying with two dozen spheres of frost the size of her fists circling around her. Arthur was slowly descending, using wind magic to stay somewhat afloat.
With a wave of his arms, Arthur unleashed a torrent of wind blades at Master. However, before the crescents reached her, they seemed to slow and fall off course.
“Air pressure gets reduced when air cools,” Arthur chuckled. “Don’t I feel stupid for that last attack.”
“Admitting your shortcomings is a step forward,” Master acknowledged with the slightest hint of a smirk on her face.
With a flick of her wrist, the spheres of frost launched forth toward Arthur but not directly at him.
Arthur seemed to sense the danger they posed because he immediately covered himself in a whirlwind of blue fire.
“He’s utilizing both fire and wind to amplify the power of his spell,” Hester remarked.
Just as the spheres of frost were about to explode, Arthur unleashed his fiery tempest. The blue fire roared to life, engulfing Master’s spell.
The swirling gale of fire remained, hiding Arthur within. I expected the blue flames to soon dissipate, but instead the embers swirled as if being sucked in.
That’s when I saw it.
The blue flames had converged, coating Arthur’s giant spear of lightning in a layer of blue flames.
“Not bad,” General Bairon admitted, his gaze locked on the fearsome spear of fire and lightning.
“It would’ve been good if he could manipulate metal for the base of his attack,” Elder Buhnd muttered.
As Arthur’s body slowly descended in the air, he hurled his spell. Just as the fire and lightning spear was released from his hand, a gust of wind swirled around him and his attack. The spear ripped through the sky, accelerating rapidly from the added wind he had added last minute.
Elder Camus nodded in approval. “Using wind as a supportive spell.”
Master was obviously weary of the strength of Arthur’s spell because she conjured layers and layers of protective barriers of ice.
Unfortunately, Arthur seemed to have predicted this because the layer of fire surrounding the spear of lightning melted through every layer of protection that Master conjured.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
Most of the people present seemed to be anxious whether or not Master would be able to block Arthur’s attack, but I knew better. While I wanted to root for Arthur, I knew that he wasn’t the only one holding back.
The elemental spear exploded upon contact with Master’s body throwing her back in the air with her form engulfed in fire and lightning. Arthur landed on the ground, his body slumped just a tad forward from exhaustion.
“So she used <i>that</i> form,” General Bairon smirked.
Arthur’s sister and those who didn’t know what he was talking about looked at him in confusion, but I was already expecting it. I had learned <i>that</i> form from her afterall.
“I suggest you take it a step higher as well, General Arthur,” Master said, her form now visible.
It was the form that Arthur had referred to as an ice “ninja”, except a few stages higher. Master was now completely clad in frost as if her very body was carved out of ice. Every strand of hair looked like crystalline thread while her eyes glowed a bright blue.
Arthur smirked, looking up in appreciation. “I suppose it is time to bring this to a close.”
He closed his eyes and let out a breath. That casual action seemed to change the entire atmosphere in the room. While Master’s form exuded a presence of awe, Arthur was distorting the very space around him.
I had seen this form before, yet it still caused shivers to run down my spine.
Arthur opened his eyes, his iris now a magnificent lavender hue and his long auburn hair a brilliant white. That wasn’t it though. Arthur was muttering something under his breath. Soon after, a surge of black lightning enveloped his body.
“Oh-Oh my,” Miss Watsken muttered. “G-General Bairon. Would you mind charging more of your mana into the artifact?”
“Good idea,” Hester agreed. “We’ll help out as well. Buhnd, you should make a bunker around us.”
Soon, the earth around us sunk a few feet so that we all had to stand to see the fight and the distance were two distinct figures. One looked like a translucent statue carved by a master sculpture<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>while the other seemed like a mighty deity in human form.
“So. Do you think you can beat Arthur in a fight?” Commander Virion casually asked General Bairon.
The lance remained silent as he imbued the crystal on Emily’s panel, his hardened gaze focused on Master and Arthur.
I turned my attention back to them as well just in time to hear a series of pops in the space between them.
“What’s happening?” Arthur’s sister asked, squinting her eyes.
<i>I’m not sure either,</i> I thought.
“General Arthur is spell casting, but for some reason, it’s not visible,” Miss Emeria explained, confused as well.
“The boy is countering Varay’s spells before it even manifests,” General Bairon answered, gnashing his teeth.
“How is that possible?” Hester asked.
“It has something to do with that form,” Commander Virion replied, his sharp eyes wide in amazement.
The ‘pop’ sounds were that of mana colliding and cancelling each other out, I realized.
Arthur’s form blurred and disappeared, only to reappear behind Master, his leg high in the air. He struck and a shockwave of mana and electricity ripped out, but was immediately met with a blast of icy frost.
Master responded with a swing of her arm. Arthur parried with a hand, but the ground beneath them shattered from the force.
Arthur and Master were now engaging in melee combat. Every time Master tried to form a spell, they dissipated immediately.
Still, she seemed to be holding her own against Arthur. She had formed a crystalline sword in each of her hands while Arthur had one as well, except a little thinner.
Their ice swords chipped with each block, strike and parry, their broken remnants sparkling from the reflection of the room’s lights. Both of their weapons were formed from ice, yet only Arthur’s conjured sword seemed to break while Master’s sword remained strong.
Despite this disadvantage, however, I could tell that in such close range combat, Arthur had the upper hand. His movements—the ones I could see—were fluid yet unpredictable. Each slash and stab connected into one neverending combination of attacks all the while forming a new sword of ice every time his previous weapon broke. Even from my untrained eyes, I could tell that each of his attacks had meaning, like he was slowly guiding my Master in an elegant dance.
What enraptured my total focus more, however, wasn’t his stunning swordplay, but his expression. He was smiling—practically beaming.
<i>Ah, he is having fun, </i>I thought, my mind straying to the last moment in time when I considered magic as fun.
Unable to recall a particular instance, I concentrated on Master’s fight. <i>It’s a rare opportunity for Master to exhibit so much of her ability. I need to take notes. </i>
Arthur was fighting straightforwardly, while Master attempted to incorporate long ranged attacks while simultaneously striking at Arthur. However, because of his ability to seemingly counter every spell, she was left with only close range combat.
“Oy, Camus. Want to bet? I think that the young general is going to win this one,” Elder Buhnd muttered, his eyes locked on to the battle.
“It’s hard to gauge who has the upper hand,” Elder Camus responded, not answering his companion’s actual question. “General Arthur’s speed and reflexes are several steps above General Varay’s, but General Varay’s defense seems to be able to allow for more error.”
“I agree,” Hester added. “Most of General Arthur’s strikes can’t penetrate through that ice-clad form of her’s, while she seems to have the flexibility of manipulating that armor into whatever shape or weapon she wants.”
“Incredible. General Arthur’s mana flow speed is constantly accelerating,” Miss Emeria breathed, shifting her gaze between her notepad and Arthur.
“So do you want to bet or not?” Elder Buhnd grumbled.
“I will wager on General Varay,” Hester declared.
“General Arthur for me,” Elder Camus replied.
“Varay for me,” General Barion stated.
Commander Virion chuckled. “Let’s see who wins.”


Chapter 187

Chapter 187
Chapter 187: Offensive Mindset
Looking up, I locked eyes with Varay as she was turning back into her normal form, the ice enveloping her slowly thawing.
“Good duel, General Arthur,” Varay acknowledged extending a hand.
I grabbed her arm and allowed her to pull me up to my feet. “As expected, there’s still a gap between us.”
“If you were able to hold that form for an extended period of time, there was a chance you could’ve overpowered me,” the lance admitted.
“I consider that form a borrowed power, not my own,” I chuckled, patting the dust off of my clothes. “I thought I mastered ice to a large extent but seeing you today makes me doubt myself.”
Varay revealed just the faintest glimmer of a smile before heading toward where my sister and the rest of our audience were.
As soon as we made it back to the group, the elders, Bairon and Virion—who had been exchanging gold coins with each other for reasons unknown—eagerly began bombarding me with suggestions and tips on what I did wrong during my sparring session with Varay.
“Your fire spells are strong but you expended an unnecessary amount of mana for each of them,” Hester began.
“That’s right,” Buhnd chimed in. “And there were many instances where utilizing your earth magic would’ve been more beneficial, yet you chose to revert back to your comfortable affinities.”
My head spun as I tried to keep eye contact with everyone who was talking to me until Alanis spoke up. “Elders. I believe it’d be most beneficial for General Arthur if we spoke one at a time in a more controlled setting.”
“I agree,” General Virion added. “Let’s gather around and examine what our young general did wrong!”
With that, I found myself on a stone chair, graciously erected by Buhn, sitting in circle like a child and his classmates for a group activity. Except my classmates were perhaps some of the most powerful and influential figures in all of this continent.
Ellie and Boo joined us in the circle but remained silent while everyone else began pointing out specific instances in my last fight where there was something better I could’ve done.
“Using wind to bolster up your spells was a good idea, but your application of it was surface level,” Camus explained. “For example, instead of using the wind to ‘push’ the lightning spear, why not integrate it around the entire spell itself? That way, you’d create a spinning force to strengthen its piercing power without using that much more mana.”
I was mulling over the elven elder’s analysis when another voice spoke up. It was Bairon.
“Because of the element’s very nature, shaping lightning is much harder than shaping fire. A more efficient attack would’ve been molding the fire into a piercing shape and coating it with lightning,” he said sternly.
“Th-Thanks… for the advice,” I said, surprised by his help. I understood that we were on the same side and all, but I was still the one that had brutally killed his brother.
Don’t get me wrong, Lucas deserved every ounce of what I did to him and more, but that didn’t stop Bairon from taking my actions on his family personally.
“Allow me to just give one insight,” Varay said. “Your control over ice is good, but as your opponent, it was too predictable for me that your ice magic merely served as a distraction. I’m sure Princess Kathyln saw this as well.”
The princess nodded. “Besides the spell Absolute Zero, most of his ice manipulation serves to divert his foe’s attention from his more powerful lightning spells.”
<i>Have I become that predictable?</i>
As if answering my thought, Varay added, “Your speed and spell chaining make up for this slight shortcoming, but I suspect that—in a prolonged battle—this can lead to your defeat.”
“I’ll keep your advice in mind. Thank you”—I shifted my gaze to Kathyln—“both of you.”
Virion used this opportunity, rising from his stone seat and clasping his hands. “Well, I apologize for our little interruption. Carry on with the training, Arthur. My expectations of your growth are high, especially since you’re taking time off from the battlefield.”
The commander shot me a wink before walking toward the entrance with his hands behind his back. The two lances followed close on either side of him and my eyes followed their figures until the large doors closed behind them.
“That was exhausting,” Emily said, letting out a deep breath.
“Being in a room with two lances and Commander Virion really leaves no room to breathe,” my sister added, falling forward on top of Boo’s furry back.
“Three lances,” I corrected. “Your brother’s a lance too, you know.”
“Well, you’re my brother first,” she dismissed with a wave of her hand.
I got up from my seat and stretched my sore limbs. “I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“Is training done for today?” Kathyln asked, her eyes downcast.
Emily walked over to the panel, carefully reading one of the gauges. “Well, there’s still a lot of mana stored in here from earlier if you want to continue training.”
“Sounds like a plan!” Buhnd exclaimed, shooting up from his seat. “I’ve been itching to stretch my body after watching the fight. You down for little match, Princess?”
Kathyln eagerly nodded and followed behind the dwarven elder to the other end of the training grounds.
“I think I’ll head on up first,” my sister said, mid-yawn.
“Do you want me to walk you to your room?” I asked.
Ellie shook her head, patting Boo’s thick body. “That’s what I have Boo for.”
I nodded, shooting her a smile. “Good night.”
Her eyes half closed, she gave me a weak salute. “Good night, elders. Good night, Emily. Good night, Miss Emeria. And good night, <i>Lance</i> Arthur.”
I scoffed. “Cheeky girl.”
My sister batted her eyes innocently before trotting out of the room, leaving only Emily, Alanis, and the two remaining elders.
“Your sister is very different from you, General Arthur,” Alanis commented.
I couldn't help but smile. “She definitely takes more after our father.”
“And you resemble more of your mother?” the elven assistant asked, her eyes focused on Kathyln and Buhnd’s figures.
I watched the two of them as well, adjusting their dueling equipment before beginning their spar. “I’m not sure. I’d like to think that I’m a mixture of both of them.”
“Who else would you resemble if not either of them?” Hester asked.
I simply shrugged, unable to form a better response, when I heard a yawn from behind.
Looking back over my shoulder, I could see Emily’s head bobbing as she struggled to stay awake.
“Emily,” I called out, startling the artificer.
Emily fumbled with the dials on her panel as if she had been working. “I’m not sleeping!”
“No one said you were,” I chuckled. “But maybe you should get some rest.”
“General Arthur is right,” Alanis stated. “I have basic knowledge of how to operate the device from watching.”
The artificer let out another yawn, adjusting her glasses. “Thank you, but it’s okay. I need to collect more data and compare the fpu from General Varay and Arthur’s last battle.”
“Speaking of that, you haven’t really given us any of the data during my training sessions with the elders over the past few days,” I said.
“I’ve been wondering about that as well,” Camus added, turning his gaze from Kathyln and Buhnd’s duel. “I’m curious as to see how my spells measure.”
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“Yes, of course. However, the numbers won’t really have any meaning to them individually,” Emily explained. “I currently have a few assistants in several academies testing out lower end versions of this artifact to get recordings from the students there so we could gather a wide enough spectrum.”
“Ah, so the fpu was more intended to be used to compare amongst other mages?” I confirmed.
The artificer nodded excitedly. “Exactly! I can, however, compare the fpu readings between the mages present here, however I’d be more confident in the overall measurements after more data.”
Camus’ lips curved into a smile, his eyes hidden behind silvery-blond bangs. “I wonder who amongst us oldies is the strongest.”
The two elders soon fell into a discussion on who they thought was the strongest while I focused my gaze back on Kathyln and Buhnd.
The duel was drawing to a close. Kathyln was almost completely out of breath while Buhnd had just barely broken a sweat. Spikes of ice and earth surrounded them and small craters littered the ground, but neither had accrued any visible wounds besides fatigue. It wasn’t until the princess finally dipped her head in a bow that the duel was over.
“Are you up for a little stretch with this old elf?” Camus suddenly asked, turning to me. “I want to show you something.”
My mana pool was almost completely depleted and my limbs ached, but the elder piqued my interest. “Sure. Only if Hester doesn’t mind.”
“Don’t mind me,” Kathyln’s guardian dismissed. “I’ll stay here and judge you both from afar.”
The two of us passed by Buhnd and Kathyln on our way to the other end of the training room. I stuck out my hand to the princess, expecting a high-five. Instead, all I got was a confused gaze before she shyly clasped my hand between her hands.
I suppressed a laugh, scolding myself for expecting a princess to know a casual greeting that might not even exist in this world.
“Are you two done?” Camus asked with a smirk.
Kathyln, who I realized was still holding onto my hand, quickly let go and scurried off.
Positioning ourselves a few feet apart, I tightened the bands around my limbs and readied myself to start.
Camus lowered his stance, holding out one an open palm at me. “Before we begin, I want you to throw a punch at me right here.”
“What?”
“A punch, right here in this palm that I have so elegantly held out.”
“Just a punch?” I confirmed, confused.
“An augmented punch, one that you would throw at your enemies.” He spread his legs a bit wider. “Come on, I’m ready.”
“Okay.” I shrugged before clearing the few feet of ground between us. Planting my foot just below his extended arm, I turned my hips, waist, shoulder and arm in one fluid motion. Mana coursed up, flowing in conjunction with the punch to produce a concise, explosive effect without wasting a drop of mana.
As soon as fist was about to hit Camus’ palm, however, it suddenly felt like I was trying to force my fist through a thick layer of tar. I could see my own fist slowing, barely making a noise, as it fell gently into Camus’ open hand.
The old elf grabbed my fist and bobbed it as if we were shaking hands. “Hello.”
I snatched my hand out of his grasp. “What the hell was that?”
“You’re a smart lad, figure it out,” the elder answered.
Gazing down at my unharmed fist, I went through what had just happened. After my initial surprise died down, it was fairly easy to deduce that he had somehow used wind to cushion my punch, except I had barely felt any mana fluctuations surrounding his hand.
“Figured it out yet?” Camus asked.
My brows furrowed in thought. “You somehow you used wind to slow my punch.”
“A tad broad for an answer, don’t you think?” The elder let out a chuckle. “I had an inkling during these past few days but your duel with General Varay was what made me sure.”
“Can we try that again?” I asked, taking a step back.
He held up his palm again. “Sure.”
I punched him again, resulting in the same effects. I punched him once more, not able to grasp how exactly he was using wind to achieve this effect.
“One more time,” I said, frustration leaking out of my voice.
Basic mana theory stated that collision of like elements weakened each other or canceled completely based on mana output.
Utilizing the theory that I had learned from one of the many books I had read as a baby, I augmented my fist with wind attribute mana.
I restrained my mana output since dispersing Camus’ technique wasn’t my goal. As I punched again, this time I felt it. The air pressure.
My fist struck more firmly this time, sounding a solid <i>smack</i> that made the elf take a step back.
He rubbed his injured hand. “You caught on quick.”
“You used air pressure!” I beamed excitedly. “You created a vacuum around me and highered the air pressure in your palm to slow down my fist.”
The elder tilted his head. “You use strange terms, but it sounds like you got the gist of it.”
“That’s brilliant! How did you think of doing that?” I asked, unable to contain my excitement.
This was a world where scientific progress was miles away from where I had come from. However, Camus had figured out how to utilize an advanced principles of air pressure on not just himself, but on his opponent as well to create a powerful effect.
<i>Why didn’t I think of that?</i> I asked myself. I had the knowledge in me, yet I failed to apply it to such an important aspect of this world.
Camus’ voice snapped me back to reality. “You’re probably thinking ‘why didn’t I think of that’, right?”
I looked up. “Y-Yeah.”
“It’s what I suspected early on,” Camus answered. “Hester, Buhnd, the princess, and myself are all here because you wished to immerse yourself in all elements in hopes that you pick up little bits of how we utilize our magic so you can incorporate it into your own style, right?”
“Basically,” I agreed.
The elder’s voice grew sharp. “Well, the problem lies in that your ‘style’ is so skewed toward offense, that you never even thought to use the myriad of elements that you have at your disposal in defensive measures, aside from the blatantly obvious way of raising a wall.
“You’ve only thought of wind in the form of either a blade or a tornado. You think of earth as a spike or a wall, yet truly mastering these elemental affinities mean knowing the subtleties of their nature that might not always be visible or geared toward killing your enemy,” Camus chided, his usual sardonic demeanor gone. “I saw you studying those marks on the ground during Buhnd’s duel with the princess. Do you know what that’s from?”
The obvious answer would’ve been a crater from an attack, but I knew that wasn’t it so I shook my head. “No, I don’t.”
“Master’s in earth magic can redirect the force of an opponent’s attack into the ground below them. Doing so accurately can negate nearly all of an attacker’s physical assault.”
I stood still, unable to form a response.
Camus let out a sigh. “You’re technically in a higher position than me so I suppose it’s rude for me to lecture, but let me just end with this. Your utilization of the elements is good—great, in fact. However, you constantly choose to shape your spells and attacks around either hurting your opponent or buffing yourself to dodge your opponent, and while that may be good for one-on-one duels, the battles you’ll face won’t always be like that. The time you have here is short, so let’s make it count.”
I realized it had been a while since I’ve been lectured like this. It left a sour taste on my tongue but it was humbling.
Camus held out a hand and smiled.
“You’re right. Thank you, Camus.” I returned the gesture, clasping his hand.


Chapter 188

Chapter 188
Chapter 188: Dragon Steps
“You gotta do better than that, <i>young general</i>,” Buhnd grinned, wagging his finger.
Infusing fire into the mini gales of wind I had in my palms, I prepared to try and hit the dwarven elder once more when a barrage of wind orbs hailed down from above.
With a click of my tongue, I ignored Buhnd’s provocation and focused my attention on Camus’s assault. I easily dodged the orbs of wind until the ground beneath my feet rose and stiffened around my leg, rendering me immobile.
One of the wind orbs nicked me in the shoulder, but it felt like I had been hit by a cannonball.
I held back the need to curse and just gritted my teeth through the pain.
<i>That’s how you want to play. </i>
My initial reaction was to raise up a wall of earth or ice in hopes to block Camus’ barrage, but through these past few days, I’ve been constantly trying to think of better ways to combat certain situations.
This oftentimes meant running variou scenarios and trying to think of multiple ways around it while taking into account cost of mana and physical stamina.
The orbs of wind felt almost solid, but it was actually a whirlwind packed into a sphere. Tossing out my usual response of erecting a solid wall in hopes to deter the wind spell, I enveloped my arms in condensed gales of wind.
Rather than trying to block the attack, I used my wind gauntlets to redirect the wind orbs. As I expected, the clash of winds propelled Camus’ spheres in different directions.
“You <i>both</i> are going to have to do better than that,” I smirked, aiming the wind gauntlets down. With another thought, I shot my gauntlets at the stone cast trapping my legs to the ground.
“Interesting concept,” Camus said approvingly as he remained floating above me in a swirl of wind.
“That cockiness will be the death of you,” Buhnd added with an eager smile.
The old dwarf began running toward me as chunks of the ground began congregating around him, forming an armor of stone mid-charge. Meanwhile, Camus kept his distance and prepared another spell.
I expected another barrage of wind from the elf but instead, a gale formed right behind the dwarf, abruptly accelerating his charge so that his stone fist was in range before I could blink.
Buhnd was fast but I still had time to react—or so I thought.
When I tried to raise my arm to block his augmented fist, I was met with resistance. Again, the familiar sensation of my body being submerged in a viscous liquid washed over me.
Camus, while accelerating Buhnd’s movement, was also increasing the air pressure around me to slow me down.
Before I could break out of his spell, my face was met with the loving touch of Buhnd’s giant stone fist.
My vision flashed black for a split second and I found myself on the ground with Buhnd’s stone-clad form just a few feet away.
Ignoring the high-pitched ringing in my ear, I forced myself to focus. The gears in my mind whirred into overdrive and I found myself thinking about the crevices that formed in the ground whenever Buhnd sparred. Every time he was met with a physical attack, a crater formed beneath his feet as if a meteor had collided.
At first, I thought it was the force of the spells that caused the ground to cave below Buhnd but I knew it wasn’t as simple as that.
“Try to block this!” Buhnd exclaimed, raising a rock arm in the air. The stone that made up the thick armored fist shifted and convulsed as if it was coming to life. Buhnd’s stone-clad arm soon changed shape into that of a giant hammer twice his size.
A rush of wind coated the hammer as it was about to drive down into me.
<i>If that hits me, I’m done for sure.</i>
The memories of the craters Buhnd had formed continued to flash in my mind when it suddenly clicked.
Still laying on the ground, I raised a hand directly in the path of the giant hammer. I augmented my body but not in the protective way I normally did. Instead, I envisioned a tunnel-like path of earthen mana both inside and outside of my body.
I spotted a trace of hesitation on Buhnd’s face but there was no way for him to stop his attack now that it was just inches away from me.
<i>If this doesn’t work, I’m going to be in a lot of pain,</i> I thought.
The hammer struck my palm like a nail and I could feel my whole body protest. Normally, if I attempted to block that strong of an attack with just a hand, my arm would’ve shattered, but instead, the ground below me took the force.
I found myself in the epicenter of a crater the size of my room with my hand still stretched out. My arm, shoulder, ribs and back felt sore, but I had succeeded.
Buhnd, still wearing his armor of stone, looked down at me in disbelief until a smile crept up on his bearded face. “You’re a bit scary, General.”
I stifled a laugh, attempting to get up off my back when a surge of pain rushed up.
I lied. It wasn’t just my a few parts of my body that felt sore, it was every fiber of my body.
“O-Oww,” I croaked, finally succeeding in sitting up.
Buhnd dispersed his earthen armor and stuck out a burly hand. “It hurts, doesn’t it?”
“Extremely,” I admitted. “You made it look like nothing.”
“Well, I have better control over that technique than you do, and I wouldn’t be stupid enough to try and divert the force of an attack that strong in the first place,” the dwarf replied. He tried to straddle my arm over his shoulder, except, my legs were awkwardly dragging on the ground due to our differences in height.
“Here, let me help,” Camus said as he floated down to the ground. An updraft lifted me up to my feet as Camus dipped his head below my other arm.
“I was just about to carry the boy like the princess he is.” Buhnd gave me a wink.
Rolling my eyes, I leaned on Camus. “Leave me with some dignity.”
“You took a risk, but I’m guessing it was worth it?” Camus scoffed, his eyes still covered behind his bangs.
“For now, yes, but we’ll see how my body feels about this tomorrow morning,” I groaned, limping alongside the elf.
My sister came running to me, her gaze laced with concern. “Are you okay? I mean, I know you’re strong and all but that was a <i>big</i> crater you just made.”
Emily, who was following behind my sister, adjusted her glasses as she peered out at the sparring zone. “Luckily the crater didn’t reach the disks underground.”
“Thanks for your concern, Ellie,” I smiled wearily before turning my gaze to my assistant close behind. “I should be fine, … right, Alanis?”
Her eyes shifted into its multicolored hue for a second before turning back to its original colors. “The shock disrupted your mana flow, which is the cause of your internal pains. I suggest you get some rest, General Arthur.”
“Good idea,” Buhnd agreed. “I remember my first attempts in trying the force diversion spell. You’re lucky to have gotten away with just some soreness.”
“Or skilled,” my sister pointed out smugly.
Buhnd laughed. “Or skilled.”
“Hester and Princess Kathyln are away visiting Prince Curtis at Lanceler Academy anyway,” Camus mentioned, carefully setting me down.
“Ooh, I can just imagine the eyes of those would-be knights glistening with sweat when they see the princess,” Emily sighed. “I should’ve gone with her.”
My sister nodded wistfully. “Me too. I heard from my friend that a lot of the guys there are good looking… and toned.”
“Eleanor! You’re only twelve!” I sputtered.
“Don’t ‘Eleanor’ me! I’m a curious lady isolated from the world because of my distinguished upbringing of being the cherished sister of this continent’s youngest lance!” she lamented, wiping away a nonexistent tear.
Emily fell into a fit of laughter while even Alanis looked amused as I stared at my sister.
“Don’t be so overprotective! I had my first wife when I was your sister’s age,” Buhnd snorted.
“Well humans and dwarves have different societal standards for these kinds of things,” I protested.
“Ooh, you’re being racist, Brother.” My sister shook her head disapprovingly as Buhnd clutched at his heart in mock despair. Meanwhile, Camus and Alanis had a look of amusement but neither seemed to have any intentions of backing me up.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
I clicked my tongue. “Well, <i>Lady</i> Eleanor, I’m sure the boys will be flocking toward you knowing that your brother can choose to wipe them off the face of the continent with a flick of his finger.”
Ellie’s face paled as she gasped. “You wouldn’t.”
Satisfied with her reaction, I simply shrugged, letting her imagination take over before making my way to the edge of the training room.
I took a seat against the cold wall, taking a breath as I watched Emily and my sister pack some of the training equipment while Buhnd was talking to Alanis.
Camus sat beside me. “Your sister is quite the character.”
“Yeah,” I chuckled.
The old elf let out a sigh. “You must be worried about her with the war going on.”
“She and my parents are a big part of why I’m a part of this war,” I answered staring blithely at the sight of my sister and Emily laughing amidst their conversations.
“Understandable,” Camus replied. “Protecting your loved ones is the biggest motivator for soldiers out in battle, but it’s also the loss of the one you want to protect that causes soldiers to stray away.”
“It sounds like speak from experience,” I said seriously, turning my gaze to him.
“An old story for another time, but yes. It’s the reason why I remained in seclusion for so long.”
I blinked. “But Virion mentioned you’re the head of a unit now?”
“An empty title. After I lost my wife and my vision during the last war, I had no intention of ever fighting again,” he muttered. “Before this, I just gave my inputs to the acting head.”
“Wait. Your vision?” I repeated, my brows furrowed in confusion.
Camus lifted his silver-blonde bangs to reveal two closed eyes with a jagged scar running through both lids.
“Hold on. You’re telling me you weren’t able to see this entire time?” I blurted, unable to take my gaze off of him.
“Surprised?” the elf smirked, letting his bangs fall back over his face.
“Of course I’m surprised. We’ve been training for a few weeks together and not once did I suspect anything. I mean aside from your combat prowess, your mannerisms and behavior don’t give away the fact that you can’t see.”
“I can still see,” he corrected. “Seeing with your eyes is such a plebian practice when your control over wind allows you to sense even the smallest change around you.”
I let out a sharp breath, amazed. After a moment of silence, I asked, “Is that what you’ve been practicing after retiring?”
“It definitely took a large part of my time,” he scoffed.
“I-I bet,” I nodded, wondering if he could tell what I was doing.
“At my level, sensing the movement in air from you nodding is easy,” he said as if reading my mind. “But I can’t see the details of expressions, which is why I’ve been told I can come off as rude or crass.”
“I see—no pun intended,” I quickly corrected.
“Don’t be so mindful. I’ve come to terms with it fairly quickly,” he dismissed.
I hesitated. “Do you… ever miss it?” <i>Of course he’d miss it, you dolt. Who wouldn’t miss having one of their senses.</i>
“At times,” he said mildly. “But at the same time, the fact that the last thing I saw with my eyes was my wife allows me to keep her intact inside me.”
<i>Do not cry, Arthur. Do not cry.</i>
“That’s sad but… sweet,” I mustered, struggling to keep my voice from trembling. “I’d love to hear your story sometime.”
“You’re young, General Arthur. Nothing good comes out of hearing tragic stories when there’s a whole war ahead of you,” Camus replied, clearing his throat. “Now off you go. Get some rest and come back tomorrow with a fresh mind.”
I carefully got up to my feet. “Okay… I’ll see you tomorrow then.”
Camus waved directly at me, no signs that his vision was impaired. “And if I get a whiff of you even thinking about going easy on me, now that you know, I will knock you down so hard…”
“Don’t worry,” I said shaking my head. “I’m actually a little more scared of you now.”
The elf’s lips curved into a content smile. “Good.”
My sister and her bond followed Alanis and Emily to the artificer’s work station at the castle after mentioning that her bow needed some repairs and fine tuning. My training assistant had been gathering extensive notes on a daily basis during the training but had refused to share them with me.
Alanis said that the training was going the way she had designed and any more information shared with me might deter my training at this point. She promised to reveal her findings on my mana flow growth next week, after more data from Emily’s artifacts has been gathered.
Walking down the empty hall during the dead of night these days have been a time for my own thoughts to wander. I thought a lot about the memories of my past life that have been resurfacing which made me think deeper about the even bigger question of what I was doing in this world.
My skeptical self refused to believe that all of this was a coincidence but I had nowhere near enough information to find out how I came to this world or dimension.
I knew that the asuras, mainly Lord Indrath, knew more about me than he had shared, but I’d get any sort of answers from him without something in return. I had some hope that if Dicathen came out of this war victorious, Lord Indrath would be more inclined to share some insights about me, but that was only a hope. A more sure way to get some answers, and also the reason why I refused to accept the artifact given to lances, was by surpassing the white core stage to unlock more of the message that Sylvia had left me after we had parted ways.
<i>Hopefully, extracting the mana out of Uto’s horn will lead to my breakthrough into the white core stage,</i> I thought, doubtful. Sylvie had been in a near comatose state as she hungrily extracted the mana out of her horn. I had been worried at first, but I could feel the relaxed state of her mind through mental transmission.
Unlocking and opening the door to my room, however, I found myself questioning my earlier line of thought.
Sylvie, or rather her silhouette, was glowing in an obsidian light. What shocked me, though, was that her form was shifting erratically. Her wings grew and shrunk suddenly while her tail convulsed before contracting. Sylvie’s small vulpine limbs elongated while her paws stretched out into something that vaguely resembled a… hand.
“S-Sylvie?” I muttered, unsure whether to try and hold her or keep some distance.
After what seemed like an hour, the erratic changes in my bond’s body slowed down before gradually shifting back to her vulpine form.
Holding my breath, I waited for Sylvie to do something—anything.
Just then, her eyes shot open to reveal two clear orbs of topaz. Letting out a deep breath, Sylvie tilted her head. “Arthur? What’s wrong?”
“With me?” I asked. “Nothing… Are <i>you</i> okay?”
“What do you mean?” she replied, obviously confused.
“You—your body was changing.” I motioned with my hands, unable to form an accurate depiction of what I witnessed.
“I’m fine,” she dismissed. “I actually feel really good! The mana in this horn is really potent.”
I scratched my head. “Well at least you’re making some progress. I’ve been having a hard time absorbing the mana.”
“Really? The mana has been flowing inside me naturally—almost like it was my own mana.”
I was perplexed by the difference between Sylvie’s progress and mine, but my fatigue overpowered any notion of investigating deeper into it. “All right, well try and get some rest.”
My bond shook her little head. “No need. I can get by with fewer hours of sleep than lessers, more so while absorbing this mana actually.”
I fell flat on my bed. “Well this <i>lesser</i> needs his sleep. I suspect I won’t even be able to come back up tomy room over the next few weeks for training so I need to relish the feeling of this bed while I can.”
“I can feel that your training is going well,” my bond said. “I can feel the level of your strength rising steadily.”
“Mhmm. With my training progressing how it is, I should be able to hit white core soon if I can extract the mana from Uto’s horn,” I mumbled drowsily.
“That’s great,” Sylvie replied, her clear voice lulling me into sleep. “Get some rest.”
“You… too,” I managed to say before drifting off to sleep.


Chapter 189

Chapter 189
Chapter 189: Inside the Vault
My thoughts veered back to the sight of Sylvie’s form changing as she absorbed the mana from Uto’s horn. It had been a few days since that night but her unexplainable shift in form worried me. My days had been hectic; if I wasn’t training, I was either in a meeting or advising Gideon with the train project or personally advising Virion on various aspects of the war. Even then, my thoughts always drifted back to what I saw that night.
Sylvie, didn’t seem to feel like anything was wrong—just the opposite, rather. My bond had become fully infatuated in the horn and the mana it provided for her. After that night, she had asked me for a private space so that she could continue absorbing the retainer’s mana without interruptions. I haven’t seen her since then—the only thing comforting me being the calm traces of her mental state she emitted through our bound connection.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
“—neral Arthur!”
I jolted upright in my seat by the booming voice, only to see that everyone in the room had their eyes on me. The large round table that had replaced its smaller predecessor had the three remaining lances aside from myself and the five members of the Council all sitting in large cushioned chairs. Joining us today for the exciting and fun-filled meeting was Gideon, who seemed to be wholly concentrated on picking something out of his left ear.
<i>Oh right, I was in a meeting. </i>
“Are you feeling okay, General Arthur?” King Glayder asked, his expression laced more with irritation than concern.
I shifted in my seat. “Of course.”
The king’s line of sight lowered to my hand. I followed his gaze, only to realize that the quill I had in my hand had snapped in half from my grip.
Clearing my throat, I faced everyone. “My apologies. I was lost in thought for a moment. Please continue.”
“We were moving on to the topic of the so-called ‘train’ that you and Artificer Gideon are planning on. We were hoping the two of you would be able to give us an update on how that’s coming along,” Queen Eralith stated, her gaze switching between me and Gideon, who was sitting a few seats to my left.
Gideon and I had discussed just the day before on the final details of the project. We were ready to move on to actually building the vehicle in order to secure a safe and fast supply route from Blackbend City to the Wall.
“Ah yes”—the artificer smoothed out a crease on his dirty lab coat—“the landsh—I mean the <i>train</i> will be able to hold at least twenty times more supplies than utilizing squads of carriages like we have now.”
“What about the potential dangers while traversing between Blackbend to the Wall?” Varay asked with an inquisitive look. “From what I read, this ‘train’ seems to have a set path that it’s limited to. Wouldn’t this make it easy for bandits, or even Alacryans to attack and siege?”
“I agree. I’d imagine it being easy to destroy a portion of the track that the train relies on,” Aya added casually.
“Both good points, generals!” Gideon exclaimed. “Arth—General Arthur and I saw that as one of the pitfalls as well and came up with a solution.”
“Oh? And what would that be?” Virion asked with a raised brow.
The artificer replied with a snarky grin. “To put it underground, Commander!”
There was a moment of silence where the royals and lances present pondered the solution before King Glayder spoke up with a gruff tone. “The cost of doing all of this would be excessive, don’t you think?”
Gideon let out a cough and looked to me, his eyes practically begging me to take over. Being the renowned artificer that he was, Gideon had the wealth and influence to build most of the inventions that he wants, but actually calculating the cost and benefit of creating something as large-scale as this was foreign to him.
Luckily, having read numerous books on economics and being personally taught by the shrewd and resourceful leader of the Council in my previous world, Marlorn, I had the answer. “You’re thinking about it the wrong way, King Glayder. The costs up front might seem like a lot but this project serves to potentially solve three problems at once.”
“I’m listening,” he replied with a raised brow while everyone leaned just a bit closer.
I took a breath and gathered my thoughts. “Aside from the main problem we’re trying to resolve, which is a more efficient way to transport supplies for soldiers stationed at the Wall, building the train helps to work out two peripheral issues. One is the detrimentally rising cost of purchasing domesticated mana beasts because of the state that the Beast Glades is currently in, while the other is the increasing poverty.”
“Increasing poverty? What nonsense.” Bairon blurted. “Because of the war, business is booming!”
“Let General Arthur finish!” Queen Glayder clipped sharply, surprising me.
“Thank you,” I addressed to Kathyln’s mother before continuing. “Not to sound cold but booming business benefits mostly business owners and highly skilled patrons, not those of lower class citizens. Queen Glayder, I’d imagine that your reports from various cities mention increasing number of riots from increase in taxes and prices of basic goods because of the demand from the war, correct?”
She flipped through several pages of the neat stack of papers in front of her. “How did you… know that?”
Explaining everything would become cumbersome so I merely shrugged. “Simple cause and effect. This war is taking precedence over<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>everything else, which means that priorities will be given to people who are a part of this war. To those not part of it simply means an increase in the cost of living while their wage might not necessarily increase. More than that, because of the various attacks near the coasts and borders, fishers aren’t able to fish and farmlands have been destroyed.”
“And so you’re saying that this project will be a means to create jobs for those people?” King Eralith finished.
I nodded. “This underground path using the train will be a big project that can’t be finished with just a few competent earth mages. And while mages will be necessary for security of the tracks in predetermined locations, there are lots of duties that can be done by normal workers during the building process and for maintenance.”
“Those are good points, General Arthur, but what about just using slaves?” King Glayder argued. “Wouldn’t it just be more efficient and cost-effective to have slaves doing the labor rather than paying workers?”
Rather than answering, I glanced at Virion. One of the many topics we discussed involved slavery and Blaine’s question just now fell into one of the explanations I had given to the commander.
“Slave labor has its limits as work becomes more skilled, King Glayder. I don’t think we should think of this train project as a one off venture, but the beginning of a new era. The introduction of<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>the steam engine provided a new line of work for laborers that did not need magic. This too, whether it’s workers actually building the tracks or the designers planning the routes from one city to another all require skills that will never stem from what a slave is forced to do,” he stated with confidence.
The meeting room was quiet for the first time in what seemed like hours until a white-sleeved hand shot up.
Everyone turned to Gideon, who was leaning his head on one hand while he raised his other. “I didn’t know if it was appropriate to speak in this rather uncomfortable silence. Anyway, I just wanted to say that this project will indeed be the beginning of many, and it’ll be a breeding ground to foster new skill sets. If possible, I’d prefer not to work with slaves forced to be there since they’ll no doubt be doing the bare minimum which will cut into the productivity of this rather urgent project.”
With that the discussion came to a close and everyone cast their vote anonymously on a piece of paper. After going over the results, I was glad that the hours of discussion on the issue weren’t for naught. The project to build the underground route and train was granted along with several policies pertaining to the project—one of which included the ban on slave labor. I trusted Gideon, who would be the head on this project, to be able to properly manage the chain in command so that the people working on this project will be able to work—if not lead—the next train route project.
It was interesting to see a new era slowly that only existed in textbooks in my old world unfold here. This ‘industrial revolution’ that perhaps started with my introduction of the steam engine was undoubtedly hastened by the war with Alacrya.
While I would never be one to support the war, I had to admit that it did bring some favorable aspects to the table.
<p class="p1">***
“Our little ‘talks’ seem to be bearing fruit,” Virion chuckled as we walked down a narrow hallway barely wide enough to fit three people abreast.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>Two armored guards followed closely behind while one led the way just a few steps ahead of us.
“You mean my insightful lectures on war and economics?” I corrected.
“Oh shush. I consider it payment for housing you while you were a wee child for over three years,” the old elf retorted.
I shrugged. “I don’t mind. I’m sure you would’ve come to a similar conclusion about using slave labor anyway.”
“Probably not so eloquently as I put it in the meeting though,” Virion admitted. “Elves have prohibited slavery for over a hundred years now, but it was for moral reasons. I hadn’t thought about the economic benefits of it until you pointed it out last week.”
“Well, in a world mainly divided by people who can either use magic and people who can’t, it’s hard to see past a lot of things,” I said as we continued our walk down the descending hallway.
“You sound as if you’ve been in a world that isn’t divided by magic users and normal people,” Virion teased.
I replied with a smile that didn’t quite reach my eyes, opting for some silence that lasted until we reached a thick metal door with only one guard present.
The young elf—evident by his long ears sticking out from his cropped hair—was small-framed but toned with flexible striated muscles that minimally protected by armor. I could tell by his rich yellow aura that, like me, any form of thick armor would hinder more than protect. The stationed guard had two unadorned short swords that curved at the tip hanging by his waist as opposed to the gaudy spears of the soldiers following us, but even at a glance, I could tell that he would easily wipe out all three soldiers ‘protecting’ us.
His eyes that were glazed from boredom perked up when he spotted Virion and me. “Good evening, Commander Virion and…General Arthur. Or is it morning already? My apologies as there are no windows here for me to tell.”
“It hasn’t been that long, Albold,” Virion replied with a smirk before turning to me. “Arthur. This is Albold Chaffer of the Chaffer House. His family has been a strong military family that served the Eralith family for generations. Albold, I’m sure you’ve heard of who Arthur Leywin is.”
“I’ve been told that he might become the new heir to the Eralith family,”<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>Albold said, his sharp eyes sparkling with interest.
I let out a cough, shooting a sharp glare at Virion. “New heir?”
“Well you see, General Arthur, when the royal family doesn’t have a son, the man marrying into the—”
I put out a hand. “I get it.”
“I’d always wanted to meet the young general in person, but I’ve been stuc—blessed with the paramount duty of guarding this door,” he said, motioning at the thick metal door. “I made a guess that it was you coming here but it’s hard to believe that you’re even more imposing than I imagined.”
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
I tilted my head. “I’m pretty sure I’ve been holding back my presence.”
“The Chaffer family are known for their rather eerily keen senses,” Virion explained.
“What’s he doing here then?” I inquired, regarding the elf not much older than myself. “Your skills would be better suited for the field, no?”
“Albold was out in the beast glades until he defied a direct order from his head,” Virion sighed. “Usually, that would’ve ended up with him getting a demotion and some strict punishments but I knew the boy and I happened to be at the scene so I picked him up and placed him here.”
“And my appreciation for that gesture is as boundless as the northern sea!” Albold beamed, bowing deeply.
The guards behind us muttered a few words of disapproval but stopped when Albold’s gaze bore into them.
“Anyway, enough about this troublemaker,” Virion said dryly. “Albold, let us inside and lock the door after us.”
“Aye aye, Commander!” The elf saluted before unlocking the door and pulling it open.
A foul, musty smell infused with the stench of decay immediately bombarded my nose as the entrance to the dungeon was opened.
“Have a pleasant stay, everyone,” Albold said, gesturing us inside like a tour guide.
Virion rolled his eyes and muttered something about telling Albold’s father as he followed behind the leading soldier. It was amusing to see Albold stiffen and pale after overhearing about his father.
Surprisingly, the first level of the dungeon wasn’t as bad as I remembered it to be when I had first come here after the incident at Xyrus. The area was relatively well lit with spacious cells that seemed like they had been empty for a while. If the walls weren’t for the mysterious stone walls that inhibited mana manipulation and if the cells had doors rather than reinforced metal bars, it would just seem like the designers of this castle got lazy after getting to this area and just decided to dub it a dungeon.
Still, the lack of ventilation was stifling and, while the cells were mostly empty, it also looked like they hadn’t been cleaned in a long time.
“Does it bring up some unpleasant memories?” Virion asked, catching me studying the exact cell that I was locked up in.
“Sort of. I was thinking how funny it was that I just came back from a meeting with the man that plotted alongside the Greysunders and the Vritra to kill me,” I explained, ignoring the wary glances of the guards around us.
Virion’s voice became serious. “If it had been solely up to my discretion, I would’ve locked them up myself, but Lord Aldir was right in that we need the Glayders. The Greysunders always had a weak hold on their kingdom but the Glayders are respected—almost revered by nearly all humans. Sapin would be in chaos if they learned about what had happened. Not something we need for this war.”
I nodded. “Speaking of which, where is that three-eyed asura anyway. He hasn’t shown himself even after what happened with Rahdeas and Olfred.”
“Three-eyed asura… is it because of your journey to Epheotus that you can be so casual with the asuras” Virion let out a chuckle. “And I haven’t been able to communicate with Lord Aldir through the transmission artifact he gave me.”
“That’s not good,” I sighed as I started walking again to the far end of the dungeon. “We’ll talk more about it later.”
“Agreed,” Virion replied solemnly, following closely.
We made our way to the end of the floor where two cells had been fitted to become one large, spacious room. The cell had a large bed topped with stuffed animals and a couch with a decorated tea set laid out on a small table in front of it. Currently occupying the couch was a little girl nodding off to sleep while reading a book.
I motioned for the lead guard to unlock the cell and stepped inside. “Hey, Mica. Sorry for taking so long to visit you.”
The lance put down her book and stretched her thin legs and arms. “Hi, Arthur.”
We chatted a little while Virion and the guards waited on the other side of the barred gate. The old elf had a somber expression, undoubtedly guilty of having her holed up here while investigations were still ongoing.
Because of her position and the fact that both Olfred and Rahdeas had betrayed Dicathen, the matter had to be examined with utmost scrutiny before she was allowed her freedom.
The dwarven lance and I talked about unimportant things as I filled her in on how my training was progressing. She tried to give me some tips on gravity magic but I had trouble following along with her nonsensical explanations.
“It shouldn’t be long until the team that Virion sent has gathered enough evidence,” I consoled.
Mica shot me a smile. “Mica knows. Don’t worry about me and do what you gotta do. Mica doesn’t blame anyone but that old bastard, Rahdeas.”
“Well I’ll tell you now that his cell isn’t nearly as nice as yours,” I snickered.
She nodded. “Get Mica out soon, okay? Being alone here without being able to use magic is so boring.”
“Of course,” I promised, giving her a hug before walking out of the cell.
I waved once more before following Virion and the guards to the cryptic door at the end of the hall.
“Ready?” Virion asked, his expression grim.
“Let’s get this over with.”
I thought that the stench of the first first level of the dungeon was bad, but the lower level was vomit-inducing.
I could feel my stomach revolt at the acrid and metallic odor of chemicals and blood. Suppressing the increasing urge to gag, I followed Virion down the dark flight of stairs until we reached a small area that housed the most heinous criminals. I was surprised that I could use magic inside, but surveying the walls and the enclosed vaults in the room, I was pretty certain that the use magic was only limited to the tiny walkway between the cells.
A burly man in a bloody apron with his face covered by a black mask greeted us along with a thin elderly man with a hunched back and a hooked nose.
“Commander. General. We are honored to have you here,” the old man spoke with a grating voice.
“Gentry,” Virion greeted back. “Take us to Rahdeas first.”
The elder looked at me with uncertainty but responded with a hiss. “At your command,” the elder rasped.
We followed behind the elder as he practically slithered his way to a small cell to our left and gestured with a bow. “Here is the criminal.”
Despite being Elijah’s caretaker and basically his father figure, I had little affection for the traitor but even I had trouble confidently saying that he deserved to be in the state he was in now.
The cell was dark and shadows censored most of his injuries, but I could tell by the cuts and blood stains on his stark-naked body that he’s been constantly tortured. His hands that were tied to the chair he was sitting on were bloody at the tips.
<i>His fingernails were pulled,</i> I noted with a wince.
More than the physical injuries though, what gave me shivers was Rahdeas’ blank expression. His eyes were foggy and a trail of saliva ran down from the corner of his mouth.
“Ah, his current ‘state’ is from the side effects from my questioning,” the elderly man said, noticing my gaze.
“Gentry specializes in wind and sound magic to create hallucinations for questioning,” Virion explained.
It was at times like these that I thought about the true function of magic. Much like technology, magic could just as easily be used to destroy as it can be used to create something so great.
“The traitor is strong. It’ll take a little more time to break him, I’m afraid,” Gentry stated bitterly.
“It’s imperative that we can find out what he knows,” Virion replied curtly, casting a disdainful gaze at Rahdeas before turning back to old man. “Now, what of the retainer?”
“Ah, yes. He’s a most fascinating specimen. Very thick skin even with his inability to use magic and a strong mental fortitude. I feel we’re close to breaking him though. Keeping him in the small vault so his movement is limited has been driving him crazy,” the old man said with glee.
Virion shot Gentry a look of disapproval but didn’t say anything.
Letting out a cough, Gentry motioned for his burly associate to open the thick vault that had runes inscribed on every inch of the box that seemed more like a coffin for a child. “Please be careful, Commander. General. While the vault will keep the Vritra from using magic, he’s still fairly strong and he’s in a rather crazed state of mind right now.
The vault creaked open and I found myself with eyes locked with a disheveled Uto garbed in restraining clothes. Just one look was enough to tell me that he was far from broken.
The retainer broke into a grin as he shot me a wink. “Hello, <i>Pup.” </i>


Chapter 190

Chapter 190
Chapter 190: Solitary Mindframe
Uto’s sinister voice sent shivers down my spine, and although he was restrained and locked up inside an anti-magic vault, I couldn’t help but worry.
To everyone in this room, I was the one that had defeated Uto but the truth was that both Sylvie and I together could barely put a few scratches on him.
“You look a tad uncomfortable, Uto,” I quipped, masking any signs of weakness.
The retainer’s smile disappeared, replaced by a snarl. “What did you do with my horns, lesser pup!”
Taking the black horn out of my dimension ring, I began casually tossing it up in the air in front of him. “Oh, you mean this?”
“Insolent little—”
“Stop,” I cut him off. “I’m not here to exchange insults with you. I have better things to do.”
Uto’s gray face darkened, his eyes wild. “I swear to Vritra that if I get out, you’ll wish you died that day.”
I shook my head slowly.
“I’m sure that more than getting out or inflicting pain on me, there’s something more you want.” Leaning in closer to Uto with an arrogant sneer plastered on my face, I continued, “I know that the fact that you have no idea how you even lost to me is slowly eating you up right now.”
I didn’t think the retainer’s face could get any angrier but Uto ground his teeth, jerking desperately to free himself.
“Close it,” I said, my eyes still locked to his until the thick rune-inscribed door shut firmly.
“What was tha—”
I put up a finger to my lips to silence the confused commander. It was only after the four of us got back to the entrance of this level of the dungeon that I spoke softly. “Leave him be for now.”
“Ento and I’ve been torturing him physically and mentally but I’ve never seen the retainer this worked up,” Gentry murmured while his burly associate nodded beside him.
“I doubt hallucinations or physical pain will work on that arrogant sadomasochist,” I replied.
Virion tilted his head. “Sadomaso—what?”
“It’s nothing.” I smiled faintly before turning to Gentry. “Don’t open his vault.”
The hunched elder furrowed his brows. “No offense, General, but from my experience, it’s best to prod while his mental fortitude is in a disarray like now. Besides, what if he does find out how he lost to you during that time?”
“He won’t,” I assured. “And that’s going to slowly drive him insane. Let him stew until I decide to come back.”
“I don’t like that look you have,” Virion muttered. “What are you planning?”
“I’ll be the one to interrogate him when the time comes,” I answered.
<p class="p1" style="text-align: center;">***
“Are you ready?” Emily asked from behind her increasing number of panels. She looked like she was inside the cockpit of an airplane of my previous life.
“Almost,” I replied as I finished strapping in the last of the bands on my arms. I winced when I tightened the strap around my arm too tightly.
<i>Damn it.</i>
“We will move on to the three-versus-one scenario starting today so please be focused, General Arthur,” Alanis informed, noticing the blank expression I had on my face as I thought back to today’s earlier visits in the dungeon.
I stood up and swung my arms, ready to let loose. “Got it. What element will I be restricting for the first part?”
My training assistant’s eyes glowed in its familiar array of colors as she ‘scanned’ me before looking down at her notes. “Water, and its deviant form of course.”
I walked up to the other end of the training room, stopping just about a dozen yards away from Camus, Hester, and Kathyln. Meeting Uto had made me antsy. I was confident back in the dungeon that Uto wouldn’t find out how I beat him because I wasn’t the one that beat him.
<i>What sort of lance am I if I can’t beat a Scythe, let alone a retainer. </i>
As soon as Alanis gave the signal to begin, I flashed toward Hester, leaving only a single imprint on the ground.
In a single, fluid motion, I condensed a layer of wind around my hand, shaping it—sharpening it into a transparent blade before I swung horizontally at the fire mage’s torso.
Hester’s eyes widened a little in surprise, but unlike other mages, she was competent enough to respond even to my blitz attack.
Knowing that fire was weak to such a compressed form of wind, she opted to block my strike by grabbing my arm while strengthening her body with mana.
<i>You may have an advantage in knowledge over fire magic but if you think you can try and beat me in hand-to-hand combat…</i>
I let her grip my arm, but grabbed the arm she was using to hold on to me. Hester was in a stance that helped her withstand a pushing force so when I pulled her back instead, she stumbled forward.
Utilizing that momentum, I pivoted and positioned my hip underneath her center of gravity to flip her to the ground.
Hester let out a sharp breath as her back hit the ground. Just as I prepared for another strike to activate her lifeline artifact, a blast of water completely drenched me.
Before I even had the chance to turn to my attacker, the water covering my body froze, restricting any sort of movement.
I augmented my body in a layer of fire, thawing myself free, but Hester had already used my brief moment of incapacitation to distance herself.
Ignoring Hester for a brief moment while she recovered, I dashed toward the princess while trapping her legs with the ground beneath her. Taken off guard, Kathyln immediately clad her body in ice like she had before, no doubt a technique she had learned from Varay.
With her body strengthened, she attempted to pry herself free from the earthen shackles. I didn’t give her the chance. As I approached her, I continuously manipulated the ground around her to reinforce and work its way up.
It was an idea I had gotten from watching Olfred. The coffin of magma that he had trapped and executed Sebastian in. Of course, I had no intention of doing the same thing, but just like how many earth mages clad themselves in an armor of rock, one could easily encase another in the same armor without giving them the freedom of mobility.
Kathyln struggled to free herself as I continued my spell. Every time she would break off a piece of stone, a large slab would take its place, slowly working its way up her small body.
The princess was covered to her neck while a layer of frost slowly attempted to weaken the integrity of the earthen restraint.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
It was too late though. I charged mana into my fist, forming a gauntlet of crackling lightning. A twinge of guilt rose as I raised my fist to strike the finishing blow.
<i>She has the lifeline artifact, Arthur. Besides, You can’t afford to go easy on anyone if you want to even hope to win this war.</i>
Kathyln regarded me seriously, no trace of fear. Just as my fist was about to make contact with her, however, a gust of wind pushed me back, in the center of a whirling formation of wind just above the ground.
“Erupt!” Camus barked, taking advantage of my brief imbalance by unleashing the powerful cyclone that he had been preparing for.
My vision was obstructed by walls of wind around me, and for a moment, everything was deathly still. Any sort of sounds were washed over by the constant roar of the tornado. I soon found myself panting—gasping for air in this funnel of low air pressure.
“Annoying,” I muttered in between a strained breath.
The walls of the twister closed in, threatening to whirl and throw me wherever it pleased, but thankfully, the remaining oxygen I had left in me allowed my brain to retaliate.
My initial reaction was to burrow myself underground—that would’ve been the smartest choice. However, maybe because of the diminishing oxygen supply, I found myself picturing Uto in front of me. His savage grin that seemed to say ‘All you can do is run or hide in the face of something greater than you,’ ignited a rage that I hadn’t felt in a long time.
<i>To hell with strategy. If I can’t even face this, how am I going to go up against the scythes. </i>
After anchoring my feet to the ground using earth magic, I began conjuring an opposing current to negate the powerful wind spell slowly closing in.
As my spell clashed against Camus’ spell, tears began forming. It seemed like I was close to neutralizing it when a dull pain radiate across my back, knocking me forward. With my feet attached to the ground, I bowed awkwardly, pushing off with my palms to put myself back upright.
I cursed in my mind, afraid to waste any unnecessary air, as I gazed at the object that had bludgeoned me from the back. It was large boulder of ice. Worse yet, it wasn’t the only one. Swirling around me, riding the tornado, were several dozens more of the chunks of ice—each at least twice the size of my head.
Still, I continued my attempt in negating Camus’ tornado spell. Sure, it could be my stubborness. I was adamant, desperate to win against this ‘foe’ that towered over me. As the tornado closed in on me, the more my body became a punching bag for the ice boulders.
I had to hand it to Kathyln for the creativity in her chunks of ice; some of them were just heavy bludgeons, but some had sharp edges that cut through my clothes and drew blood.
Despite the repeated blows, however, my body felt numb. I was lightheaded and a strong feeling of fatigue washed over me.
The only thing that kept me going was the notion that overcoming this spell head on was somehow winning against Uto.
My mind continued to think these irrational thoughts until I noticed too late that the boulders of ice had disappeared and in their stead was a growing fire that coalesced with the tornado—fusing into a flaming cyclone.
That’s when my vision began to spot and my imagination of Uto had became a full-blown hallucination. It only lasted for about a few seconds until I blacked out, my last thoughts blaming the lack of oxygen for my senseless actions.
It felt like I had only blinked, yet when I opened my eyes again, I was looking up at Kathyln with the ceiling of the training room visible behind her. I was laying down.
A cool sensation radiated from my forehead. I realized it was an ice-cold handkerchief when I fumbled with it.
“Your body is still a bit hot. Keep it on,” Kathyln urged, putting the cloth back on me with just a tinge of worry on her brusque face.
“Thank you,” I muttered. “And sorry for back there.”
She shook her head. “We were training. Although the elders might be of different opinion.”
“Damn straight we have a different opinion!” Buhnd’s familiar voice boomed.
Just a moment after, his bearded face popped into my view. “You fought like a child throwing a tantrum. I know you knew that there were about twelve different ways for you to get out of that situation without you trying to face it head on.”
“Yeah, I knew,” I said through gritted teeth. “But I wanted to see if I could overpower their combination spell. If I can’t even do that, how am I supposed to defeat all of the retainers and scythes left?”
Buhnd opened his mouth as if he were about to say something, but remained silent. It was Camus that spoke.
“You’re feeling the pressure, aren’t you?” he said softly.
I didn’t answer. I couldn’t.
To them, I may simply be a young prodigy, but I had the memories and intellect of when I was a king. For me to admit to Camus’ remark meant that even despite my advantage, I was weak.
“A war isn’t fought alone,” Camus continued, letting out a sigh. “Although holding the title and responsibility of a lance might make it seem otherwise.”
Hester spoke, her chastising voice coming from a bit farther away. “You’re not important enough of a figure for this entire continent to solely rely on you.”
“You’re right,” I chuckled.
Kathyln placed a finger on the cloth she had placed on my forehead, cooling it with magic. “Just as the people of dicathen rely on the lances, you also need to trust in your soldiers that they’ll make up for what you can’t do.”
I lowered the cloth, allowing its coldness to permeate into my eyes. And for a minute I said and did nothing, gathering myself.
“I feel like I’m in therapy,” I laughed, bolting up to my feet. Surrounding me was not only Kathyln and the elders, but also Emily and Alanis. The two of them had remained silent, but had traces of worry on their faces. “Thank you everyone, for helping me with my training, and for keeping me in check.”
Hester’s stern face soften as she nodded. “I think that we can skip out on today’s debrief since I’m sure the young general knows exactly what he did wrong.”
“Get some rest! I’m going to be itching to go crazy tomorrow!” Buhnd agreed as he punched his open palm.
“I’ll make sure to have the life-line artifact back to its normal state by tomorrow! Even if I have to stay up all night!” Emily assured.
I nodded. “I’ll see everyone tomorrow then.”
Lost in my own thoughts, I didn’t even realize I had been walking until noticing that I was in front of my doorstep.
Too tired to wash up, I sank into bed, my eyes searching for Sylvie until I remembered she was was isolating herself in another room.
<i>Everything okay, Sylv?</i> I reached out.
My bond didn’t respond, but the faint trace of her calm state of mind was enough for an answer.
Laying on my back, I stretched out my hand toward the ceiling. This hand—this body<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>that I had grown so used to for the near twenty years that I had lived as Arthur, felt so small when I thought back to my time as Grey.
My thoughts flashed back to my former life and the several times I had fought in the Paragon Duel, a one-on-one battle between two king duelists from their respective country. While the Paragon Duels lacked the atrocity and gore of normal wars, the weight of such battles were much heavier.
Letting out a sigh, I reminded myself. “This war isn’t fought alone, Arthur.”


Chapter 191

Chapter 191
Chapter 191: Magical Percentile
Opening my eyes, I slowly released my grip of Uto’s horn. I took another moment to introspect, examining both the state of my mana core and my body.
I was close. The road to white core stage that had once seemed so long was nearly palpable.
I’m glad I didn’t accept Virion’s artifact after becoming a lance, I thought.
Getting out of bed, I touched Sylvie’s mind, making sure nothing was wrong. Satisfied with her calm silence, I began stretching, my body brimming with energy.
Letting out a sharp breath, I performed a series of strikes I had learned from Kordri while training under him in Epheotus. It wasn’t some stringent combination of moves per se but more of a utilization of the body’s every movement while maintaining speed and precision—connecting each punch, kick, elbow, knee while remaining flexible for whatever the outcome. A true master of this fighting style, like the four-eyed asura, could take down a whole unit and the only thing the soldiers would see is a simple monk strolling amongst them.
Synchronizing the timing of my mana flow, which had improved substantially during my training with Kathyln and the elders, with my strikes created shockwaves in the air. I wanted to move faster and with more agility, but I wasn’t a pantheon like Kordri much less an asura. Incorporating mana into muscle fibers and ligaments to utilize maximum power and speed with the least amount of physical movement—similar to what the Thyestes Clan did—would just lead to the same results as that of Burst Step to my legs.
Maybe reaching the realm above white core will strengthen my body, I thought hopefully amidst a combination of kicks.
Right as I pivoted my body to end the sequence with a palm strike, Boo’s gigantic head was poking into my room from the doorway, right in the path of my attack.
Boo was hit with a shockwave of wind from my palm strike, causing all the saggy skin around his muzzle and ears to flap wildly.
My sister’s bond and I stared silently for a moment before he let out a grunt and shook his furry head.
“Pfft!” I buckled forward and broke into a fit of laughter.
Ellie’s head poked into my room. “What’s so funny? Boo was supposed to scare you.”
Unable to form words while I tried unsuccessfully to stifle my laughter, I motioned for my sister to come to me.
Confused, she squeezed past her bond’s burly form and came into my room.
“Watch,” I chuckled, this time conjuring a gust of wind at Boo’s face. The bear’s ferocious face rippled like liquid, the flaps of skin above his upper jaw flapping up to reveal a set of teeth beneath a pink layer of gum.
My sister chortled before breaking down as well; her bond wasn’t nearly so amused. It took the both of us nearly the entire walk down to the training room to recompose ourselves.
It was probably childish to laugh so hard at something so trivial, especially considering my mental age, but who cares. I hadn’t laughed that hard in ages and it helped loosen some tension and stress.
“You two seem chirpy for such an early morning,” Emily said, yawning, her hands robotically setting up the panel as if they had a mind of their own. “Or is it still nighttime…”
“Did you pull another all-nighter, Emily?” my sister asked, concerned.
“It’s been a back-to-back all-nighter actually. It’s your brother’s last training session so Miss Emeria and I wanted to have all of the data from these two months compiled by today,” she chuckled, her eyes half-closed.
“Remind me to properly thank the both of you for your efforts,” I said, my eyes scanning for any sight of the curt elf. “Where is Alanis now?
“Ah shucks, I learned a lot from this as well so no thanks necessary. As for Miss Emeria, I practically had to force her to get some sleep,” Emily answered, letting out another yawn. “She should be here soo—ah, here comes everyone now!”
Coming through the thick metal doors first was Buhnd and Camus. Buhnd was stretching his arms, smiling as he said something to Camus. Behind them were Hester and Kathyln. The elder of the Flamesworth family was straightening out a crease in Kathyln’s tight-fitting training robe. The princess spotted me and turned a shade brighter as she tried to pry herself away from her guardian.
Alanis, who usually had the mask of a professional businesswoman, looked soulless today. Her normally deliberate steps were sluggish as she trailed behind the rest.
It took several minutes for everyone to get their protective gear on, but I was soon positioned in the training grounds with Kathyln, Camus, Hester, and Buhnd surrounding me. Their expressions were serious, as was mine. I’ve come a long way in these past two months—enough to have beaten them a few times. They knew that if they weren’t completely focused, they could lose again and they couldn’t let themselves be defeated on the last day of training.
“What was the bet again?” Buhnd shouted from behind.
“Virion is going to throw us a feast in celebration of the end of my ‘vacation’,” I smirked, looking back over my shoulder. “Of course, having him pay for the cost of everything is no fun so I suggested that the loser of this last battle will pay for the entire party.”
Hester rolled her eyes. “Consider it paid for by the gracious Flamesworth house. How much can a dinner possibly cost?”
Alanis, overhearing our conversation, spoke using a sound enhancing artifact. “Accounting for the cost of the seventy-year-old casks of alcohol fermented from rare grains found only in the outlands of the Beast Glades, as well as the approximate costs of the abundance of fine meats—all of which the prices have escalated since the start of the war—I have already calculated for Commander Virion the cost of the celebratory feast as amounting to somewhere around nearly twenty thousand gold.”
Hester’s eyes widened after hearing the exorbitant cost. She let out a cough as she attempted to feign composure. “W-Well, I believe it’ll ruin the gratifying experience of winning if I were to simply pay for the meal outright. Perhaps it is best to determine who pays for the feast with this match; that way, it’ll be much more memorable to everyone.”
I couldn’t help but smile, watching the usually composed elder being so flustered. <span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
“I won’t go easy on you just because you’re young, General,” Camus said, smiling. “This old man’s pride won’t allow it.”
“I agree with Elder Camus,” Kathlyn added. “Perhaps besting you now will give my father and mother enough of a reason to let me help in the war.”
“How cold, Princess. Using me as a stepping stone,” I responded, lowering my stance.
“Since this is the final mock battle, General Arthur will not have any elements restricted,” Alanis’ voice sounded again. “Please begin!”
“For the alcohol!” Buhnd’s gruff voice roared, charging from behind.
Seeing that I was surrounded, there were a limited amount of options I had. With my senses heightened from mana and the rush of adrenaline, I focused on the biggest threat.
Although Buhnd was charging in while forming a giant stone mace and Camus was backing away while gusts of wind gathered around his arms, it was actually Kathyln’s mana levels that posed the biggest threat right now.
An old but effective trick, I loosened the stone ground around me and lifted the debris to form a cloud of dust around me and at Kathyln.
Manipulate the earth under my feet to spring me forward just as I push off, and expel the wind resistance as I dash, I recited to myself.
It wasn’t as instantaneous or subtle as Burst Step, but doing these two steps—namely, utilizing earth and wind—allowed me to enhance my initial acceleration without burdening my body.
I felt my body charge forth, the air slipping by me harmlessly until Kathyln was just a few feet away.
The princess inhaled sharply in surprise and attempted to cast her spell but I didn’t allow it. Utilizing wind once more, I created a vacuum in my palm, pulling her straight into my grip.
Grabbing Kathyln’s wrist, I twisted and threw her over my shoulder directly at Buhnd.
Feeling a sting on the hand that had touched her, I glanced down to see a layer of frost around my fingers.
She reacted quickly. I cast a wave of heat to thaw myself while taking note of Kathyln’s position by the pond.
Just then, the room lit up as dozens of crackling orbs dotted above.
Memories of Lucas’ Ember Wisps spell back when I was about to be an adventurer came to mind. Except, these ‘wisps’ weren’t of fire, but concentrated globes of electricity. Again I took note.
Camus took the opportunity to launch his spell as well, hurling two giant spears of wind that swirled fiercely like a drill.
I quickly moved, dodging one of the wind spear that drilled a hole into the ground before dispersing. The other one, however, was able to change direction, following me as it carved a trail into the ground where it passed.
I’m really beginning to wonder if that old elf is actually blind.
I continued sprinting, but it wasn’t aimless. I charged toward Buhnd with the wind spear close behind me. I did my best to seem as though I wanted a head-on confrontation, and it seemed to have worked. The bearded dwarf clad himself in armor and anchored himself to the ground while he held his mace high like a professional baseball player of my old world.
I charged at him condensing the blue fire in my palms. I feigned long enough for Buhnd to begin his swing. That’s when I released my fire spell at the ground below me as I jumped up. The force of my flame launched me into sky like a rocket, causing Buhnd’s giant mace to collide with Camus’ wind drill.
My moment of content lasted all but a brief second because immediately, a barrage of ice shot up from pond below the same moment that Hester decided to fire off the globes of lightning.
Why can’t they just fire their spells one by one, I grumbled to myself, my brain whirring for the best way to handle this.
I smile crept up as a glimmer of an idea flickered through my mind. I had to act fast though.
Without any restraint for mana expenditure, I released a shockwave of fire toward the splinters of ice approaching rapidly.
The ice bombarded the wall of fire, producing steam and a high-pitched whistle.
My peripheral view caught sight of the increase in brightness from the lightning orbs about to fire, but I couldn’t worry about that right now.
Wasting no time, I manipulated the moisture caused by the collision of Kathyln’s and my opposing elemental attacks while slowing down my descent with an updraft.
I shaped the water that I had gathered into a large barrier of water around me, just as Hester’s spell cast a barrage of lightning my way.
The water manipulated from Kathyln’s spell that had utilized the mineral-filled water from the pond was a perfect conductor.
The water bubble surrounding me began bubbling as the blast of electricity hit. A deep buzz filled the training room while the lightning tendrils flickered on the surface of the water around me.
I need to get rid of this thing before I hit the ground.
Manipulating the electrically charged water, I shaped it and fired it off in a stream directly at Buhnd, the one that would be the weakest to this combination of elements.
Buhnd didn’t have a chance. His life-line artifact activated, forming a pink protective barrier, just moments after the compressed stream of water hit him and electrocuted him.
Needless to say, after Buhnd was out for the count, the tides of the battle had changed. While it still took a while, after negating Kathyln’s ice lance through a combination Camus’ air cushioning technique and Buhnd’s kinetic redirection, I was able to knock Kathyln out of the battle.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“Someone really doesn’t want to pay for their own celebratory feast,” Camus smirked.
“I don’t even know if I can afford the feast,” I retorted with a chuckle.
With only Hester and Camus remaining and the fact that I had full access to all of my elements, by another twenty minutes, I was able to subdue them.
I plopped back on the ground, my chest heaving and my mana core aching. “I… I win.”
Camus let out a sigh, leaning against a wall as he caught his breath. “Congratulations, but there are more pressing matters.”
“I agree,” Hester nodded beside him as she blotted the sweat on her forehead with a handkerchief. “Who’s going to pay for the exorbitant cost of the feast?”
“Wasn’t it decided that the losers were going to pay?” Buhnd asked, confused.
I sat up. I thought so too.
“True, but why hurt many when you can just break one?” Camus added, a smile forming on his face. “I vote that Buhnd pays for the meal since he’s the one who got out first, causing the rest of us to lose.”
“What!” Buhnd bellowed. “From whose sore ass did you pull that quote out from?”
“I second Camus’ vote,” Hester replied immediately with a show of hand.
“Hester!” The dwarf’s eyes widened before turning to Kathyln. “Princess. You don’t think the same way as those old bats, do you?”
Kathyln, who had been with my sister and Emily, averted her gaze from Buhnd, and raised her hand as well.
I could see the bearded dwarf’s jaw drop as he began counting the theoretical cost of the extravagant meal with his fingers. After a minute, Buhnd straightened his posture and cleared his throat. “Gentlemen. Ladies. We are in times of war. We should be sparing resources for our beloved soldiers out there on the field. Isn’t that right Miss Emer—argh! Damn bat! Release my earlobe!”
“What good will giving soldiers seventy-year-old alcohol do, you old fool. Don’t try to get out of this!” Hester snapped while dragging her companion by his ear as the rest of us laughed.
After everyone had calmed down, we settled around in a circle for our last debrief. It was a bittersweet feeling. Two months flew by, but I formed bonds with the elders and had gotten to know the aloof princess a bit better during this period. Toward the end, Kathyln had started conversing more with Emily and Ellie, even hanging out together in the castle together from time to time.
A small part of me wanted to forget about the fact that there was a war raging below us, but with Tess and my parents out there, I knew I wouldn’t truly be able to relax until the war was over.
“Now, the moment I’m sure that everyone has been waiting for!” Emily’s chirpy voice sounded, snapping me out of my thoughts. “Alanis has recorded the progress of Arthur’s mana flow utilization while I compiled the data of General Arthur, Princess Kathyln, Elders Camus, Hester, Buhnd and cross-referenced it against the data I’ve received from my assistants from students at a few academies and some soldiers.”
Emily must’ve noticed the traces of skepticism written on my face as she mentioned the sample diversity and size.
“It’s been pretty hard to get a wider range of participants, this continent being in war and all,” she said glumly. “This measurement is something I’m planning on standardizing and actively promoting with Master Gideon’s help, so getting data will be an ongoing process. For now, you’ll have to make do with the two hundred entries I’ve received from various mages.”
Buhnd fidgeted in his stone chair. “Well? On with it, girl. Only about a fifth of my ass is on my seat right now from all this anticipation.”
I suppressed a chuckle. The bearded elder’s reaction reminded me of a student anxiously waiting for their grades to be handed back by his teacher.
Emily didn’t find Buhnd’s impatience as amusing as I did and began quickly sifting through her stack of paper until her eyes brightened as I assumed she finally found what she was looking for.
“Okay! I’ll start with Elder Buhnd, since he seems to be the most curious,” Emily began. “Please be advised that this data does not take into account mastery over mana, simply the raw output of force that your average spell contains during battle.”
The young artificer flinched when she saw Buhnd’s intense gaze drill holes into her as he waited for her results. Clearing her throat, Emily spoke. “Based on how much higher Elder Buhnd’s fpu is compared to the average of limited data we had acquired, he is roughly in the ninety-first percentile.”
“Ninety-first percenti—what? No way that ninety-one percent of the population is better than me!” Buhnd blurted, stamping his feet on the ground.
I chortled, unable to suppress my laughter as Emily looked at the old dwarf incredulously.
Hester merely let out a sigh and shook her head.
“It means that only nine percent of the population has a higher fpu than you,” Camus answered, unfazed by his companion’s naivete.
“Oh…” Buhnd’s posture straightened and a smile creeped up, spreading his beard like some sort of frilled lizard. “Heh! Oh.”
Hester rolled her eyes as I spotted my sister trying to cover her smile with her hand.
“Again, this data can’t be considered completely accurate since the data pool is so small and very biased toward certain demographics,” Emily explained. “Most likely, everyone’s percentile will increase as more data is gathered.”
The words seemed to have gone in through one ear and have left through the other as the word ‘pride’ was practically written on Buhnd’s face.
Emily continued, turning to Camus. “Elder Camus’ fpu is in the ninety-third percentile.”
Buhnd seemed to have snapped back to reality because his brows scrunched when he heard the score. Camus simply nodded in acknowledgment.
Hester… wasn’t so nice.
“Elder Hester’s fpu is actually the highest of everyone at a ninety-fourth percentile.”
Ellie let out a faint whistle while Buhnd’s eyes widened. Hester took this exact moment to cast a downward glance at the dwarven elder, coupling the look with a haughty smirk.
“Bah! The data isn’t considered completely accurate. Remember?” Buhnd recited, fuming.
“I didn’t say anything,” Hester shrugged. She erased the smirk on her face but the twinkle in her sharp eyes still showed her content.
I guess the high affinity for magic runs in the Flamesworth family, I thought, being reminded of Jasmine’s competence in magic—albeit not fire magic.
Emily turned to Kathyln, smiling. “Princess Kathyln, your fpu is in— “
The princess raised a hand, shaking her hand. “I’d rather not get caught up. Knowing me, comparing myself to others will hinder more than help.”
Alanis regarded the princess in approval but remained quiet as Emily finally turned to me. “Lastly, Arth—General Arthur’s fpu is in the ninetieth percentile.”
Buhnd’s eyes lit up once again as he trotted to me and put a hand across my shoulder. “You’ll grow in time, young general, but for now it seems like my fpu is just a tad higher than yours.”
“So it seems.” I smiled, expecting as much. From the beginning, the elders raw mana output was stronger than mine. I had the advantage of being able to utilize all four basic elements and the higher form of two, and fusing multiple elements into a single attack would often have more devastating results than single elemental spell, but on average, I had known the elders would come out on top.
“Big talk for someone that got knocked out first in a four-versus-one match against the ‘young general’,” Hester scoffed.
Buhnd scowled, turning red. “Do you want to take this to the field, you old bat?”
Hester’s brow twitched in anger. “Again with the old bat!”
“Enough with the bickering!” Camus cut in, sitting straight in the stone seat that Buhnd had conjured for all of us. “Miss Emeria. Did our time spent with the young general bear fruit?”
The stoic elf dipped her head respectfully. “General Arthur’s mana flow rate has hastened a noticeable amount. I believe these two months have been utilized to its full potential.”
“That’s good,” Camus sighed, turning to me—a gesture I found odd now that I knew that he could see just as well without facing me. I figured it was more a gesture for me than himself.
Alanis walked to me, handing me a small journal bound with leather. “This is for you, General Arthur. the detailed recordings of my analysis over this period are written in here. I have taken the liberty of pointing out areas for potential growth so that you can have a more guided training while I am not with you. ”
“Thank you,” I said sincerely, gingerly holding the small booklet. “You’ve really outdone yourself.”
“It was my pleasure working with you,” she responded with a courteous nod.
Buhnd clasped his hands together, drawing all of our attention. “All right! I don’t know about all of you, but I’m starving and my mind keeps going back to those seventy-year-old caskets of alcohol!”
“Yes,” Hester agreed. “And the thought of Buhnd having to pay for all of it is sure to make everything tastier.”
I could hear Buhnd grumble as the three elders headed toward the door. I ushered the rest to follow after them as well. They all deserved the time to unwind and have fun.
“A-Are you sure I can go? It seems like a party for the really important people,” my sister asked, hesitating.
I pat my sister’s head. “Of course you’re invited. I better see you and Boo eating enough to make Elder Buhnd homeless!”
Her gigantic bond let out a grunt in confirmation before scooping Ellie up with his snout and trotting off.
Smiling at the sight, I looked back to see the young artificer scrambling with some artifacts inside her little cockpit of panels. “We’re the last ones, Emily,”
“I’m almost done cleaning up! You go on ahead!”
Not wanting to make her rush more than she already was, I took her advice. “You better be there unless you want to make Ellie lonely at the party.”
EMILY WATSKEN
I quickly gathered the array of paper that were scattered all over the ground behind my fpu measuring artifact—working name.
After carefully placing the panel components into the wooden box, I placed the papers carefully on top, noticing Arthur’s name on the top sheet. It was the fpu readings that I had managed to gather while he was in that angelic form of his where his hair turned white. I thought I had lost it.
Letting out a chuckle, I shook my head, crumpling up the sheet of paper. “Ninety-ninth percentile. That can’t be right.”


Chapter 192

Chapter 192
Chapter 192: Eat, Drink, Be Merry
After another failed attempt at trying to coerce Sylvie to take a break and come join me for the dinner, I conceded. As soon as I stepped through the towering double doors of stained wood, opened for me by two guards clad in silver, my worries were replaced by wonder. It felt like I had stepped into a different place.
Maybe I had.
I looked back over my shoulder to make sure that I hadn’t stepped through a teleportation gate disguised as a doorway. Confirming that I was still indeed inside the Castle, I took my time to relish the sights, sounds, and aromas around me.
While the size of the dining room wasn’t anything extraordinary, the details in the decoration took my breath away. The vaulted ceiling itself made this room feel like a separate structure from the castle, and the ambient light cast from the floating orbs above brought to life a scene straight out of a princess picture book.
Unlike the flamboyant party where the witch-like retainer’s frozen body had been showcased as a morale booster for the many noble houses that attended, this event emitted a cozy, intimate atmosphere—with a little sprinkle of a surreal fairytale mixed in.
I picked up two glasses of whatever lavish drink the purple liquid might be from a meticulously-dressed butler poised almost as still as a statue, handing one of them to Emily, who was besides me.
When my sister tried to take one as well, I pulled her back. “It’s alcohol.”
Ellie clicked her tongue and continued walking. It didn’t take long for her discontent to diffuse.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span>
“Everything looks so…magical!” Ellie marveled, unable to form a better word to describe herself. “It smells amazing in here, but where’s all the food?”
“This is still a dinner, not a party,” I explained, pointing to the long rectangular table covered with a seamlessly white tablecloth and topped with perfectly arranged empty plates and glasses. “The food’s going to be brought out once everyone’s here and seated.”
The alcohol—I noted with amusement—lay spread out against the back wall in large wooden kegs.
“I’m getting hungry just sniffing the air here,” Emily sighed, nearly drooling.
I nodded in agreement. The air was thick with a concoction of spices, sauces and herbs that strangely seemed to harmonize alongside each other rather than clash. To blend and mesh the variety of kitchen ingredients together was the subtle oaky scent of the fire crackling and popping in the hearth at the far corner of the cozy dining hall.
Ellie pulled on my sleeve. “Are you sure we didn’t need to dress up for this?”
“The place is a lot fancier than Virion had led on, but yes I’m sure,” I assured. “This is supposed to be a comfortable dinner to celebrate before I go back out to the field, my dearest sister.”
“I’m your only sister,” she retorted, her eyes still curiously gazing about.
“Then you know I’m telling the truth,” I said blandly.
Ellie let out a groan at my witty response. “Whatever.”
“I can imagine how ‘comfortable’ it’ll be already… with the Council, the lances, and the elders all gathered in one place,” Emily chimed in, her sarcasm practically palpable.
I simply smiled, breaking off from the two of them to enjoy my purple drink in peace. Despite being one of the last to leave, Emily, my sister, and I were the first to arrive.
As I sat in the back to enjoy the warmth of the fire, I saw Kathyln coming inside escorted by Hester. Both wore evening gowns that, while minimally adorned, still looked undoubtedly elegant… and expensive.
Ellie and Emily didn’t hesitate to shoot me glares as they saw this, mentally blaming me for their comparatively informal attire.
I winked and lifted my glass, now half-empty. Kathyln thought I was gesturing to her and raised her glass slightly as well, smiling shyly before turning her attention to Emily and my sister.
Elder Hester strode toward me with a glass in hand as well. “Seems like you’ve already made yourself comfortable—in both attire and demeanor.”
“I thought this was supposed to be a casual dinner,” I sniffed, holding my glass out toward her.
“Is this not casual?” she smirked, clinking my glass with hers in a casual toast before the two of us took a sip.
“Casual is wearing your slightly larger pants so that you can comfortably indulge in whatever exquisite cuisine we’re presented with tonight,” I said with confidence.
Hester looked at me with a curious gaze before chuckling. “I often forget that you’re not from a noble house, no offense.”
I chuckled. “None taken. It’s always amusing seeing some of the nobles trying to hide their contempt when a lance like myself does something blatantly ‘improper’.”
“Proper etiquette is ingrained in everyone since infanthood,” Hester admitted. “My mother would faint if she saw you in that attire at an occasion like this.”
“Truth be told, my mother would probably faint as well if she knew I was attending this kind of dinner wearing this,” I chuckled, feeling a pang of guilt and sorrow at the mention of my parents.
We sipped our drinks in silence for a bit, watching the chaotic movement of the fire as if it was a show.
Finishing off the last of my purple liquor, I asked Hester a question that had been on my mind since I first met her. “Hester. If you don’t mind me asking, what is your relationship to Jasmine Flamesworth?”
Hester, who had been watching the fire as intently as I had been, shifted her gaze to me. “You two are acquainted?”
I nodded.
She took a few moments to gather her thoughts before letting out a sigh. “Then I guess it’s safe to assume that the Flamesworth family has made a rather negative impression on you.”
“It’s gotten a little better since I met you, but yes,” I confessed.
“Jasmine is the daughter of my younger brother—my niece,” she began, idly twirling the remaining liquid in her glass.
Hester proceeded to tell me a little about the Flamesworth family. The story of Jasmine wasn’t anything I hadn’t already been told or guessed myself. Basically, the younger brother—the one with the most pride in their family’s line of fire mages—thought of Jasmine as an embarrassment to the Flamesworth house. At first, he did all he can to try and draw out any latent potential in fire-affinity, hopeful that she might even be a dual-elementalist. Once her father realized that wind was the only affinity that his daughter had, he isolated her until she was old enough and kicked her out soon after.
Hester’s remorseful tone throughout the story helped quell some of the anger I had toward their family, but there was still a bitter taste in my mouth.
“Your brother, where is he now?” I asked.
“Trodius is a captain, his division being one of the main forces at the Wall,” she answered. “You don’t plan on—”
“No, I have no intentions of harming your brother,” I scoffed, turning back to see some familiar faces. “I was just curious. Oh, and about your comment on every noble having proper etiquette ingrained in them…”
Buhnd and Camus had just walked in through the doors. While Camus wore a traditional elven robe, Buhnd had apparently decided to attend the event disguised as what seemed like a farm worker.
Hester, following my gaze, rolled her eyes as she saw the dwarven elder finish a glass in one gulp and proceed to grab two more before walking to us. “There are always outliers.”
I chortled. “An outlier indeed.”
It didn’t take much longer for the rest of the guests to filing in. Virion congratulated me on my training with a hug and a snide comment about Tess not being able to make it. I greeted Merial and Alduin Eralith, Tess’ parents cordially, exchanging a few pleasantries. Alduin sort of digressed, talking about the war and some of the dilemmas he’s been having in allocating the elven armies around Elenoir when Merial scolded him for talking about that here and dragged him away. My exchange with King Blaine and Queen Priscilla—or is it Mr. and Mrs. Glayder? Although the royal families all dropped their titles as kings and queens, it was always uncomfortable in discerning how to exactly address them—were even more succinct. While Kathyln’s mother was brusque by default, I knew that the former King of Sapin still found it uncomfortable to be around me; a human that became a lance for the elves. Most likely someone he considers disloyal to his home kingdom.
Needless to say, by the time I’d finished talking and toasting (thereby drinking) with the elders and the Council my inhibitions had been lowered to a noticeable degree. It was only noticeable to me when I clasped an unwilling Bairon into a hug and repeated that ‘there were no hard feelings’. The lance tried to pry himself away without drawing attention but I utilized one of the techniques I had learned from Camus to create a vacuum between him and me.
Finding real life applications for spells is the next step in mastery afterall.
After saying my fill, I released the fuming lance and proceeded to greet Varay and Aya. The two lances had just come back from a mission near the border between Sapin and Darv after sightings of another retainer. Unfortunately, the final retainer was gone by the time they had arrived. We continued talking until an unexpected surprise showed up. Garbed in a bright yellow dress that looked like it might’ve belonged to a child was Mica.
“Mica!” I exclaimed, drawing everyone’s attention to the entrance. The dwarf, obviously unaccustomed to such a fluttery dress, flushed at the attention. Rather than shrink, however, the dwarven lance stuck out her chest and held her chin up and made her way to me.
I pulled the dwarf into a hug, which was a little awkward considering she was about half my height. Virion came by and placed a hand on her shoulder.
“Our scouts in Darv found enough evidence to ensure to the rest of the Council that Mica—or should I say General Mica—was not involved in Rahdeas and Olfred’s plot with the Vritra,” Virion explained with a smile.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“Mica’s allegiance will always be to the country,” the lance confirmed. “But Mica is a bit confused since there are no dwarves in the Council and Lord Aldir is missing.”
“We have much to discuss and positions to fill, but that can be saved for tomorrow,” Virion comforted. “Tonight, we enjoy the food, the drinks, and the company we have tonight.”
Virion left us to continue his rounds talking to everyone else in the room while Mica and I chatted a bit more. We kept our conversation lighthearted. I teased her about her frilly dress while she retorted that I looked like I had come straight from a training session. She laughed when I told her she was right.
The pleasant chime of a bell signalled for everyone to gather around the table. Butlers and maids escorted all of the attendees to a predetermined seat. Supposedly, being one of the main reasons for having this dinner put me at the far end of the table, directly across from Virion with Kathyln to my right and my sister to my left. The Council was spread across the table toward the other end near Virion while the lances and Elders sat toward the center.
After everyone had taken a seat, Virion tapped his spoon on the glass flute to get everyone’s attention before speaking.
“I’ll make this short since I know I’m not the only one hungry. I believe it’s important for even our strongest soldiers to have the opportunity to rest and be merry. Yes, we’re at war, but war or not, there will always be a battle tomorrow, so make some time to enjoy today. Drink, eat, laugh, so that you can all tackle tomorrow with fire anew!”
We all clapped, while Buhnd’s gruff voice shouting, “Hell yeah!” sounded in the midst of it. Our applause brought forth an organized stampede of servants carrying dishes. It was a full course meal starting with a creamy soup garnished with edible flowers and leaves placed with precision.
My stomach that had been uncomfortable—most likely due to the copious amounts of alcohol I had drank—welcomed the warm, rich flavors. A subtle kick from an unfamiliar spice complimented the thickness of the soup while the leaves and flower garnishes added a surprising hint of freshness.
“This… is so… good!” Ellie exclaimed in between spoonfuls of the soup.
The ceramic bowl of soup had been taken away, replaced by a silver platter with two strips of what looked like raw fish. The morsels of translucent flesh with dashings of two different sauces practically melted in my mouth. Both the green and the brown sauces were unfamiliar but it was a mixture of a nutty and slightly acidic taste that served to mask the unwanted brininess of the ocean dweller and bring out its desired flavors.
While swallowing the second piece of the fish, a pang in my abdomen caused me to buckle.
Did I drink too much? I wondered, casting a side glance at the large cask of priceless liqueur that had been conveniently placed just behind Buhnd’s seat.
“Are you okay?” Kathyln asked, her plate completely clean.
“I’m fine,” I smiled, putting down my fork.
Ultimately, my stubbornness refused to pass the opportunity in drinking such expensive alcohol. I held up my glass, taking another sip and rolling the deep brown liquid in my mouth to savor the taste.
I let the aromatic flavors coat my mouth before finally swallowing it, letting the pleasant burn pass down my throat.
“Can I try?” my sister begged once again after seeing me relishing the drink.
I was about to turn her down again, but paused. “Fine. Just a sip.”
“Uh, Ellie?” Emily chimed in, her eyes widening as my sister grabbed the rounded glass. “You sure about this?”
Ignoring her, my sister immediately brought the glass to her lips. As expected, she most certainly did not take ‘just a sip’ and instead gulped a big portion of the liqueur.
Already prepared for what was about to come, I cast a small circular vacuum of wind that sucked in the spray of liquid that shot out of my sister’s mouth as she coughed.
The servants nearby immediately took action, handing my sister a new napkin while they opened up a container for me to ‘dump’ Ellie’s sprayed contents into.
“Y-You jerk,” Ellie hissed, trying not to draw in any more attention than she already had. “You knew that would happen!”
Suppressing the laugh that was nearly leaking out, I looked at her, deadpan. “Of course. That’s why I said no so many times.”
“You could’ve warned me!” she protested, drinking the cup of water the servant behind her so sensibly placed next to Ellie’s plate.
“I could’ve,” I agreed, leaving my sister aghast.
Emily steered my sister’s bitterness, telling her about some of the modifications she made to Ellie’s new bow.
After the plates were cleared, another—smaller—dish took its place. Even before I looked down to see what it was, the smell had already caused me to reach for it. A handful of shellfish with its black shells laid open, its meat basking in a savory broth that I could practically taste through my nose. Supplementing the shellfish was a side of sauteed mushrooms that looked like they were actually lit on fire.
The servant covered the mushrooms with a crystal cup to extinguish the soft fire. As soon as he lifted the cover, a rich flavor of whatever liqueur the chef had used to ignite the mushrooms with permeated the vicinity.
“Raw fish, and now flaming fungus? Interesting and tasty!” I overheard Emily as she whispered to my sister, who nodded furiously in agreement.
Conversations drifted in the air while soft music played by a trio of musicians cast a comfortable tune to accompany the dinner.
I leaned forward, taking in another whiff of the complementing aromas of the shellfish and mushrooms when another sharp pain stabbed at my sternum.
Am I allergic to something? I thought, bringing a mushroom close to my nose in suspicion.
With the pain gone as quickly as it had come, I decided to lay off the purple alcohol while shoveling in a mouthful of the mushrooms.
The firm suppleness of the mushroom as I bit down into it dispelled any of the remaining suspicions I had of the food.
If I’m allergic to this mushroom, so be it. I’ll suffer knowing that it was for a good cause.
Throughout the next few dishes, I ate in silence. Kathyln wasn’t much of a conversationalist and the few times she did talk was to respond to whatever my sister and Emily were conversing about.
My thoughts began veering toward the war, and the upcoming battles, my only solace being the exquisite dishes that never seemed to stop and my glass of liqueur that never emptied. From tender meats that I was able to cut with my fork, and even a whole boar that was carved so precisely that I doubted I could replicate the task even with my mastery of the sword.
There were other, more bizarre dishes that showcased the more… ‘unwanted’ parts of particular mana beasts as supposed delicacies. It was when the dinner was becoming more lively—most likely due to alcohol in everyone’s system—that I encountered another episode of pain in my stomach.
This time, it was a more gripping pain, as if someone was slowly squeezing, twisting, and wrenching my insides. That was when I realized it wasn’t my stomach or even my liver like I thought it had been.
It was my mana core.
“Is something wrong, Arthur? You seem pale,” Virion said, noticing my state from the other side of the table.
I rose up from my seat, feeling more than a tinge of regret as I stared at the untouched steaming crab down at my plate. “My apologies to everyone, but I think I’ll have to call it a night.”
Virion got up as well, his expression laced with concern.
Holding up a hand to stop him, I made my way to the door, careful not to stumble. “Please, enjoy yourselves. I’ve been a little tired today and I think I just had too much alcohol.”
Without looking back, I headed to my room, one hand using the wall as support while the other pressed down on my solar plexus.
Is something wrong with my mana core?
Cold sweat beaded down my face as the gripping pain became more intense.
By the time I reached my room, I curled into a ball on the floor, unable to reach my bed. My fear and worry grew alongside the pain, until a thought crossed my mind.
Sending a pulse of mana into my ring, I withdrew Uto’s horn and instinctively began absorbing its contents like an infant reaching for its mother’s milk.
Slipping in and out of consciousness, time elapsed like it was caught in a jar of sap. Everything seemed slow and the cold, gripping pain escalated until it soon became unbearable.
Two things happened in what seemed like a span of a second.
First, I felt a surge of unmatched energy and power throughout my body. I could feel it in my pores and the tip of my hair.
Then, I passed out.


Chapter 193

Chapter 193
Chapter 193: Broken Seal
I looked up at the row of judges peering down from their platform that overlooked the main stadium my opponent and I were currently on. Sitting in the middle of the row was a tall, shapely woman with blazing red hair that curled down her back. Two sharp eyes that would make even a wild lion flinch regarded me with interest as the rest of the judges murmured amongst themselves over the results of the match.
I thought to myself, what exactly there was to go over. My opponent, a Division Two candidate testing for a first division spot, was passed out behind me while the medics approached with a stretcher.
There was a sinking realization as the judges continued discussing that they might very well be determining whether to send me up or keep me at Division Three.
I could see Nico and Cecilia in corner of my eyes, waiting just as intently for the verdict as I had during my first competition while attending this academy—back when I still believed fair results could be achieved through hard work.
After what seemed like ages, a thin elderly man with a white mustache groomed a bit too meticulously—probably to compensate for his bald head—cleared his throat to get everyone’s attention. “Cadet Grey, no surname. While your match was impressive, especially your demonstration of martial arts, the poor level of utilization of your ki throughout the tournament made it clear that some basic fundamentals are clearly lacking and need to be thoroughly reviewed. Therefore, Cadet Grey will move up to Class One of the third division.”
I could feel my blood boil underneath my skin as I did all I could to suppress my rage. I clenched my fists, gnashed my teeth, curled my toes—anything to stop myself from lashing out at the judge and this entire academy system.
Just then, a roar of laughter echoed throughout the entire arena. My burning rage was instantly quelled as I looked up, dumbfounded, as the red-haired judge continued laughing heartily. It wasn’t only me that was shocked by her actions though. The rest of the judges whipped their head toward their colleague with expressions ranging from shock to anger to embarrassment.
The audience that had been quietly waiting for the results from this final round muttered amongst each other hoping to get some answers from the turn of events.
Finally, after the red-haired judge calmed down enough, she let out a sigh while wiping away a tear. “My apologies, I thought Judge Drem was pulling that kid’s leg by telling him he needed to ‘review his fundamentals’.”
At the mention of his name, the mustached judge—who I assume was Judge Drem—flushed red all the way the top of his shiny head. “Lady Vera. In the sanctity of the annual assessment duels, your behavior is unaccept—”
“No,” the red-haired woman that the judge referred eerily respectfully despite the gap in age, cut in flatly. “What’s unacceptable behavior, and embarrassingly pathetic, is this blatant attempt at holding that kid back because he’s not from a distinguished house.”
Clearly unprepared to be verbally assaulted by the woman, Judge Dem stammered what he hoped would be words. “Wha—How dare… I did no such—”
“Then how can you possibly justify Cadet Grey as being anything less than Division One?” Lady Vera interrupted again. At this point, I really hoped that this lady had either the strength or the backings to justify her blatant lack of respect for the older judge.
Judge Dem tried his best to gather his wits, letting out another cough. “Like I stated earlier, Cadet Grey’s ki utilization is lack—”
“Wrong,” she instantly cut off again, causing the older judge to practically fume in frustration and embarrassment. “The boy’s ki utilization is at least a step above even the Class Two students in Division One. What you call ‘lacking’ in ki utilization is actually him making up for his lower ki level to an almost impressive degree.”
The other judges sitting behind the panel were obviously lower in terms of rank than Judge Drem because the only thing that they’d been doing at this point was wordlessly shifting glances between Lady Vera, Judge Drem, and me.
“Lady Vera,” the old judge said through gritted teeth. “While I am grateful for your insight into the matter, I have been a judge for nearly twenty years now. Please reciprocate the respect that I’ve shown you by showing me the respect that I’ve earned in this field.”
Lady Vera thrummed her fingers on the panel she was sitting behind, contemplating for a moment before she nodded. “Fine. I’ll respect your verdict, Judge Drem.”
Before I even had the opportunity to be disappointed by this, though, Vera’s form flickered out of sight.
What in the—
She appeared above me and landed with a soft thud. Despite the fact that I had witnessed everything, I was still somehow doubtful that she’d just cleared the span of two stories as casually as I would step off a sidewalk.
“Kid. Like Judge Handlebars said, you’ll still be in Division Three, but what do you say about me becoming your personal mentor?”
I thought for a moment—I even turned to Nico and Cecilia to make sure what I was witnessing was real. I didn’t know who this woman was, but the way she held herself and the impressive movement skill she had used to clear the distance that most elite soldiers wouldn’t dare replicate made me take the risk.
Ignoring the aghast row of judges as well as the stunned crowd, I took her hand. “I accept your offer.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I woke up on the floor with my hand stretched out in front of me, much like how my dream had ended. However, rather than Lady Vera’s seemingly fragile hand in my own, I was gripping tightly onto Uto’s horn.
The once obsidian stone that once glimmered like a sinister jewel now had cracks and splinters strewn across its dull gray exterior.
It took a moment of idle wondering of how I came to be in this position when I suddenly remembered. As if struck by a bolt of lightning, I shot up to my feet. I took in my surroundings for the first time since waking up, relieved that I was still in my room and that my room was relatively intact. Looking at the window, it was still nighttime, which meant I was unconscious only for a few hours.
Pulling my senses inward, I focused my attention on my mana core. My mana core that did not have the glimmering silver sheen that it once had, but instead radiated brightly like a white sun.
“I did it,” I muttered incredulously. I maintained concentration on my core for a few minutes, just taking in the new, alien feelings that came with my breakthrough. The paranoid part of me did it just to make sure that I wasn’t imagining things.
I wasn’t. I was now a white core mage.
Ecstatic, I sent a pulse of mana throughout my body. The flow of mana was seamless and near-instant. I hadn’t gotten the chance to read through the notebook that Alanis had written for me, but I had a feeling that she might have to update some of the readings.
Without stopping, I held out my hand—palm up—and began shaping the mana. I started out with something relatively easy, making a small orb of pure mana. This was the equivalent of stretching before a run.
After that, I proceeded into more complicated exercises. I enlarged the orb of mana and shrunk it as quickly as possible. Then I split the mana orb into two smaller ones. After I had about a dozen small mana orbs floating above my hand, I ignited some of them by coalescing fire affinity mana particles in the atmosphere while I froze another set of orbs and so on. By a few minutes into the exercise, I had several dozens of different elemental spheres all orbiting around my palm.
Throughout it all, I had a wide smile on my face that I only noticed after my cheeks began cramping.
There were hundreds of variations of these manipulation exercises all meant to help mages get better at organic magic—a term that had many names but all meant one thing: magic that did not need gestures or chants in order to cast.
Much of the magic that beginning classes in Xyrus Academy taught centered around stagnant magic, which were essentially spells limited in variations and uses in order to reproduce consistently and easily. The gestures and chants that so many mages used and still use today help in guiding their subconscious as they mold their mana into the spell that they want. The downside was that most of these gestures and chants basically told opponents, ‘hey, I’m going to throw a fireball at you.’ It was fairly easy for any decent mage to counter such stagnant magic.
The organic magic that I had so naturally grasped from an early age thanks to my understanding of mana from having lived a previous life, was much harder to cast and control. Every time I launched a blade of wind at my opponent with a simple swing of my arm, my brain was basically giving detailed instructions of the mana that I imbued into the spell in order to get the shape, size, speed, trajectory, angle, etc. all correct.
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
Breaking into white core stage wasn’t as awe-inspiring as I sort of hoped it would be, but it was definitely a huge step forward—more so than any of the previous breakthroughs into the next core stages.
My control and ‘finesse’ over mana had definitely been taken up a notch, almost as if the advancement into white core also affected my cognition.
I thought back to several instances in the past when the lances demonstrated some of their prowess in magic. Olfred’s ability to cast eerily lifelike golems of magma as well as Mica’s superb control over an abstract element like gravity were all reasons that supported my claim. Putting Alea aside, I’ve never had the chance to see Aya fight. Bairon was able to mold lightning into a giant spear that looked about as detailed as a masterfully crafted weapon, and just recently, I came face to face with Varay’s dragon made completely of ice.
Is this why all the lances are so skilled in manipulating mana? I thought, sighing. Another thought occurred to me as well. Flying. Usually, skilled flying meant constant attention to your body and mana output all the while having your attention on something else, like fighting.
That was why most mages didn’t fly even if they were able to—what use was flying when it took complete focus to sustain it and the mana expenditure wasn’t cheap.
If manipulating mana became this easy, then I could see how the lances were able to easily fly while casually talking to me or even casting spells. Eager to know what my limits were, I was tempted to immediately head down to the training room and test a few theories out—I was especially excited to activate Realmheart just to see what I could do. However, a sharp pain flared in my head, wrenching me out of my thoughts.
‘A-Arthur! Something’s happening…’
Sylvie’s voice rang in my head, but sounded muffled and distorted.
Sylvie? What’s wrong?
I called out to her several more times but didn’t get a response. Feelings of excitement and elation were immediately replaced by worry and fear as I headed down the flight of stairs to the small training room she had isolated herself in.
I turned the cold metal handle of the door, but it was locked. “Sylvie, I’m here! Can you hear me?”
No response.
I shook harder, hoping it was just jammed, but seeing as it wasn’t, I punched a hole near the knob, rendering the lock mechanism useless. Pushing open the door, I stepped inside only to stop completely in my track at the sight ahead.
Standing in the back of the dimly-lit room was a wide-eyed little girl in a simple black robe with two black unmistakable horns jutting out from the side of her head.
I thought I was seeing things at first. I blamed the poor lighting and the shadows cast by them for playing tricks on my eyes, but when I stepped closer and the girl looked up and we locked eyes, I knew.
“Sylvie? Is that you?”
The girl cracked open an uneasy smile, a trace of fear and excitement evident in her bright topaz eyes. “H-Hi, Arthur.”
The two of us stood there. Neither one of us knew what to do, what to say, how to react. I still couldn’t believe it. My eyes told me that I was seeing a girl that looked no older than eight or nine with long choppy hair that was the same pale wheat color as her draconic form’s underbelly; looking closely, her messy hair looked more like soft feathers than actual strands of hair.
Little of the girl’s small face was covered by her hair, since her bangs barely covered half of her forehead. Her round yellow eyes shifted uneasily under my scrutinizing gaze until she sent a mental transmission.
‘How long are you going to keep staring like that?’
Caught off guard, I flinched, but not by the words themselves but the emotions that were intertwined into them.
Unlike before, I could feel the emotions she was feeling while she communicated through my mind. Like now, how she felt uncomfortable and embarrassed, but at the same time excited and anxious. It was odd feeling foreign emotions through my brain; it was never like this before. At most, Sylvie could send one, extremely strong, emotion to me that felt more like she was telling me how she felt—it was never this… intimate, for lack of a better word.
“Sorry,” I said aloud. “I’m still digesting everything right now. What exactly happened?”
“After absorbing the retainer’s mana from the horn you gave me, I was able to finally break the seal that you and grandpa said that my mother placed on me to keep me hidden.” The disparity between her childish voice and her words threw me off, but I nodded in understanding.
“So by breaking the seal, you were able to unlock the human form that asuras were able to transform into?”
“Yeah,” she said, looking down at her small hands. “To tell you the truth, I haven’t had the chance to really study the changes in my body so I can’t tell you exactly what’s happening at this moment but—”
Sylvie abruptly lurched and staggered, nearly falling forward before she regained balance.
“Sylvie? You okay?” I asked, concerned.
Sylvie stood in place for a moment, frozen. I cautiously made my way to her, unable to even fathom what was wrong, when she slowly looked up.
When our eyes locked again this time, however, a chill ran down my spine. Her appearance was the same—nothing had changed—but her presence, her demeanor, her gaze were completely different. So much so that I had involuntarily stepped back from her.
‘Sylvie’ straightened herself, swaying her neck side to side as if she was stretching it.
“Ah, ah,” she said, clearing her throat. “You can hear me, yes?”
I raised a brow, not knowing how to answer.
“I’ll take that gesture as a yes,” she said dismissively.
“Who are you?” I asked, my eyes narrowing.
‘Sylvie’ smirked, an expression that looked unnatural on her face. “I’m grateful that you happened to be in the same room when the connection was finally established. It makes things so much easier.”
“Who. Are. You?” I repeated.
Her smirk widened to a smile. “Agrona.”


Chapter 194

Chapter 194
Chapter 194: Man Behind the Veil
I could feel the blood drain from my face, but I held my ground. Despite the casual disclosure, I could tell that Syl—Agrona was carefully observing how I’d react. The same two gleaming yellow eyes that looked so innocent and confused just moments ago were now bright ruby and carried an unwavering confidence and authority—he could’ve just as easily said he was some sort of sentient shapeshifter from a different planet and I would’ve been compelled to believe him.
Giving no indication that his words had any effect on me, I made a simple gesture with my hand, casting multiple spells simultaneously. The door closed shut and a thick stone slab sprouted to barricade the entrance while a swirling layer of wind surrounded the two of us, muting any sound that might leak from the room. I also layered the floor around the room’s vicinity in case anyone came close by.
“Is Sylvie safe while you’re in control of her body?” I asked.
“Sylvie… a good name. ” Agrona breathed as if savoring the sound. “Yes, what I’m using to speak with you like this is a harmless spell that I’ve embedded onto her while she was still an egg. Sylvie’s simply sleeping.”
Two stone chairs popped up from the ground and I took a seat, gesturing at Agrona to do the same.
Agrona sat down, leaning back in the seat contently. “Thanks for the hospitality, and for keeping your wits together. Makes communicating so much easier without you trying to kill me.”
“You’re possessing my bond, so hurting you like this wouldn’t be very effective,” I replied calmly.
He shrugged. “I wouldn’t have been able to put much of a fight regardless since I can’t use any mana arts like this, but I digress. Shall we talk about something a bit more important than the various flaws of this method of communication?”
Seconds ticked by in silence, with only the faint whistle of the field of wind surrounding us while the two of us stared at each other.
My brain whirled with activity, trying to make sense of the sudden change of events while devising a clever way to take full advantage of it. Afterall, it wasn’t everyday that you could calmly have a one-on-one meeting with the enemy’s leader in the middle of a war. But whether it was because I was still having a hard time believing all of it or because my worry over Sylvie was constantly nagging at me even with my calm facade, my mind couldn’t keep a coherent train of thought. So I asked the one question that had bugged me ever since he first took control of Sylvie.
“You said you were grateful that I happened to be in the same room when you made the connection. Why did you only seek me out?”
“Fair question. First reason, and the more obvious one, is that I’m sure most of the members of your leadership wouldn’t take too kindly of me intruding on their home turf in the form of a little girl. Assuming that they even believe me, it would scare the living shit out of them given the fact that I could intrude their most ‘secured’ location in the continent,” he answered. “Although… it would be amusing to see their reaction.”
“And the second reason?”
“Because”—he leaned forward and grinned—“you’re the only one on this continent that I’m interested in.”
I didn’t expect that answer. What did the leader of a rogue asura clan that was hundreds, if not thousands, of years old find interesting about me. Whatever it was, it couldn’t be a good thing.
My expression must’ve betrayed me because the asura abruptly let out a laugh. “Don’t worry, I’m not going to just suddenly pin you to the ground and have my way with you. Assuming my tastes suddenly skewed that way, it’d still be a little inappropriate in this form, no?”
I rolled my eyes as the supposed mastermind behind the intercontinental war, unable to make heads or tails of his character.
“You’re a lot more eccentric than I imagined… almost sociable,” I commented.
Agrona raised a brow, amused. “Did you perhaps, see me as some poised dictator hell-bent on making the world all mine while donning a silken cape?”
“Something like that.”
He put on a grave expression while leaning forward. “Well…”
“You’re partly right!” Agrona flashed a smile.
He leaned back again, as if unable to find a comfortable position to sit still in. “Don’t let this pleasant demeanor fool you. I have my goals and ambitions and a face I show my people in public. But as for my personality, after spending generations upon generations amongst you lessers that seem to change your ethics and social mores on a whim, it’s a pain to keep up with appearing dignified and cultured. For instance, even in my continent just a couple hundred ago, it used to be normal to have public torture and executions—hell, they even brought snacks and watched it as free entertainment. Now? It’s somehow become shockingly horrifying to them.”
He waved a hand dismissively. “I have my people to handle and run the lessers based on their ever-changing sense of right and wrong.”
Wow, he talks a lot. Still, there was a lot of knowledge contained in his little rant. From what I’ve seen facing the Alacryan soldiers and, truthfully, my own prejudice based on the crazy Vritras like Uto and the witch, I imagined that the enemy continent would be some horrid wasteland full of lessers enslaved to do the Vritra’s bidding.
But from what Agrona just said, Alacrya seems to be like any normal developing land with leaders that actually care for the citizens.
“That look you have right now.” He pointed a finger at me. “That annoying look of pleasant surprise… you were thinking that it’s weird that I actually give an ass about the lessers in Alacrya, huh.”
“Well, from what the asuras told me. You’ve been conducting experiments on the lessers and breeding with them before you were even kicked out of Epheotus,” I remarked.
I expected him to get mad—at least annoyed—but instead his expression turned somber. “The best lie is only telling half the truth, I suppose. Kezess or that lackey of his, Windsom, never told you the reason why I did all of this, did they.”
So Lord Indrath’s first name is Kezess, I noted internally before replying. “It was to build an army capable of bringing down the other asuras, no?”
“That’s all they told you?” Agrona rolled his eyes, tapping his fingers impatiently on the chair’s armrest. “Arthur, do you think I one day just woke up wanting to commit genocide against my brethren?”
“Any reason you have isn’t justification for what you’re trying to do,” I stated firmly.
He let out a scoff. “I should’ve more or less expected you to have the same mindset as Kezess and the rest of his underlings.”
Annoyed, I asked, “What do you mean?”
“Let’s suppose you lived in this continent without being able to use magic; how differently would everyone you know have treated you today? The royal families that you know? They wouldn’t bat an eye in your direction. Your peers from Xyrus? You would’ve never met them and probably just befriended thugs and farmers from your own social class. Your family? Well, they might be the only ones that love you, but that doesn’t mean they wouldn’t be inwardly disappointed at your lack of talent.”
I raised a brow. “And… this hypothetical person is supposed to relate to you?”
“Basilisks in general were notorious amongst other races, but imagine if your very clansmen and family looked down on you for the miniscule talent that you had no control over. The same Lord Indrath that approved of you in that brusque and lofty way of his didn’t even find it worthwhile to breathe in my direction,” Agrona spat, his fingers clawing away at the armrest.
“And you found it justifiable to inhumanely toy with the lives of countless ‘lessers’ in order for you to get stronger?” I shot back.
He tilted his head. “Do you shed tears for the ants that you step on?”
Rage smoldered in my stomach, but by his tone and expression, it didn’t seem like he was looking down on me. He truly felt that lessers were bugs to him.
I let out a breath. “It was naive to think we could have a rational conversation.”
Agrona spread his arms, looking at me with a proud smile. “What I achieved through those experiments have benefited not only myself, but the lessers in Alacrya to such a degree where they worship me—not out of fear, but out of reverence. To them, I am their savior.”
“Savior?” I let out a scoff. “Did you somehow wipe the memories of killing and torturing your people’s ancestors or something?”
*** You are reading on https://ReadAllNovelFullonline.com ***
“Killing and torturing… I could taste the bitterness in your words from here in Alacrya, Arthur,” he said, feigning a hurt expression. “Why, I’ve merely utilized the many lessers that were available to me in order to strengthen my own kind’s inherent abilities. I’m sure those test subjects are grateful that I made use of them in order to accomplish something unimaginable for their future generations.”
I wanted to slap the snide look off his face, but this egotistical maniac truly believed what he did was right.
“What have you managed to accomplish for their future generations that is so great that it supersedes decades of you conducting experiments on the inhabitants of Alacyra? I asked, playing along.
“I’ll answer that question with another question,” he gestured. “I know that the rough statistic of mage to nonmages in Dicathen is one in one hundred. What do you suppose the statistic is in Alacrya?”
I remained silent.
Agrona smirked. “It’s one in five.”
“One in fi-five?” I sputtered.
“Unimaginable by your standards as well, right?” He gave me a wink.
“I’ll admit that what you manage to do is impressive, but aren’t you afraid that with so many of the population as mages, that those who still hold a grudge will band up and revolt?”
Agrona looked at me for a second in silence before he burst out laughing.
“Oh… you weren’t joking,” he said in between laughs after seeing my expression. “Like I said earlier, my people, whether they have some of my genes or they’re still full blooded lessers, revere me. Because of the structured process of awakening that I devised for them, so many of them can utilize magic to improve their mundane lives.”
“You’re telling me that you spent the time and effort to devise this method for what… the actual benefit of Alacryans?” I asked, skeptical. “I’ve heard from the asuras, but since they’re apparently so skewed in their views, I want to hear it from your mouth. What is your goal in all of this?”
“Ooh, is this the part where the villain falls into a monologue and reveals his nefarious plans to the righteous hero?” he replied excitedly, steepling his fingers.
I shook my head. “You’re insane.”
“Insanity is relative,” he said, unwavering. “And as for your question, I have no intention of telling you anything.”
“You said you were interested in me earlier. I assumed it was because you wanted my help, but withholding your goal in all of this hardly makes me want to jump to your side,” I pushed, hoping to get an answer out of him.
Agrona leaned back. “I never expected you to come to my side through this little conversation. I told you all of this because in hopes that you will remove yourself from the war.”
“What? Why would I—”
Agrona held up a hand. “Before you say no, consider this. Thus far, I’ve been progressing very conservatively in this war—refraining from unnecessary civilian deaths since I have use for them—but that does not mean it’ll continue being this way.
You’ve barely clung onto your life ‘til now, but this is just the start. Statistically speaking, how likely is it that your side can win this war with your family and other loved ones alive after everything?” He paused before speaking again. “You can hide, seek refuge in Alacrya, anything really, just as long you don’t become an opponent to my army. Guarantee that, and I will guarantee that you and your loved ones will be left untouched.”
It’d be a lie to say a small part of me wasn’t tempted. “What do you gain from me doing this? Telling me to keep hidden or go to Alacrya obviously means you want me alive. Why? If I’m not on your side, aren’t I a threat?”
“Despite how I may have been perceived and what I’ve done to get to where I am today, I don’t believe that allies can be made through force. If I want you on my side, I won’t do so through threats.”
The two of us stayed silent for a bit. He was waiting for me to respond, and I didn’t know how to respond. I wanted to refuse—I should definitely refuse—but for some reason, his words carried a weight that made me truly think.
“It actually seems like you’re thinking about it,” he chuckled. “As a small thank you for that, I’ll divulge a few things that you may or may not have been curious about” Agrona smoothed out the wrinkles of the black dress that Sylvie’s body had been wearing. “First. Your parents were attacked not too long ago while transporting supplies to your forces at the Wall, correct?”
I bolted up from my seat, mana coalescing around my entire body.
Agrona raised his hands in a placating gesture though, still seated. His eyes, however, were fierce. “You may not believe me when I say this, but your parents were left untouched because I willed it.”
“Lastly. The asuras have been out of touch with your leaders, right?” He didn’t wait for me to respond. The asura possessing my bond rose to his feet, maintaining his poise. “It’s because a few asuras, including Aldir and Windsom, tried infiltrating my castle in Alacrya, hoping that they’d succeed in killing me while my forces are divided…”
“Tried? That means that they failed,” I replied, my heart beating faster.“Doesn’t that mean the treaty is broken?”
Agrona shook his head. “No. Neither my side nor the asuras in Epheotus wish for it, but they had to pay for disrespecting the treaty so we made another deal.”
I was afraid to ask, but I did anyway. “What is the deal that you made?”
“The asuras in Epheotus can no longer aid you in any way throughout this war,” he answered, stepping a bit closer. “Windsom, Aldir, and the rest of the asuras that you’ve met have abandoned you and Dicathen.”
I want to say that I remained unfazed and took the news in stride, but that’d be a lie. In my head, I was using every curse I knew to express the frustration and panic that was bubbling up inside.
Finally, after I gained enough composure to form words again, I spoke. “... Why are you telling me all of this?”
“To appeal to you of course. I’m trying to ultimately get you on my side willingly, remember?” Agrona winked. “Frankly, I don’t get where your loyalty to those asuras come from. Kezess and the other asuras that helped train you only did so for their gains and you simply went along because you needed to get stronger to keep your loved ones safe. Seems more like a business arrangement to me.”
I shook my head. “Even so. You’ve said that you’ve been conservative during this war, but while you come off as well-mannered so far, your retainers have massacred soldiers with glee.”
“Exactly as you said. Soldiers,” Agrona pointed out, snapping his fingers. “And really… I think it’s hardly fair to bring that up when your side has treated my men with just about the same amount of hospitality. I’d say freezing my poor Jagrette and displaying her corpse like some sort of trophy in front of your nobles is hardly any better than what she or any of my other soldiers have done.”
I was at a loss for words. I wasn’t even surprised that Agrona somehow knew all of this at this point, just that he was right.
Silence enveloped the room, bringing to attention the sound of the wind whistling around us.
“What we’ve discussed today isn’t something you can organize in a span of a few minutes so I’ll give you some time to think about everything,” he finally said, breaking the silence. “Besides, Sylvie seems to be stirring from her sleep so after you’ve thought about it, give me an answer after reciting this spell to Sylvie.”
He muttered a string of foreign words through mental transmission, allowing me to remember it. “I advise you to make a choice soon, though. Like I said earlier, we’re progressing into the next stage of this war, and I assure you it won’t be to your side’s benefit. Giving you this deal does not grant you immunity from harm should you refuse or withhold your answer.”
“Wait,” I called out. “What you told me earlier… that I was the only one on this continent that you were interested in. You never told me why that is.”
“I suppose it does no harm in telling you.” Agrona tapped his chin with a finger, thinking for a moment. “Let’s say I’ve enjoyed talking with an old friend of yours, King Grey.”


