Chapter 23: Royalty

REYNOLDS LEYWIN'S POV:
As I absentmindedly took a sip from my cup of coffee, a scalding sensation startled me out of my daze. Vince and I were seated around the small table on the outside patio as we discussed some business plans on the Helstea Auction House. The topic had shifted towards the security parameters and how we were currently approaching the stages where it was necessary to completely restructure and enhance the guard teams.
Alongside capable nonmage adventurers, we had recently managed to recruit a few long range augmenters, making up an extremely powerful addition to the security. While it was still widely prevalent for augmenters to go the melee route due to functionality and ease, ranged augmenters, like archers and crossbowmen, continued to be a much more powerful asset in defensive settings. Vince poked at me a few times whether conjurers should be employed for the upcoming event.
"Hmmm…I know how beneficial it'd be to have conjurers that could set up barriers and help support the augmenters, but I'm against it." I took another, more careful sip from my cup.
"You mind elaborating? You just said how helpful it'd be to have them," he rebutted as he rhythmically stirred his tea.
Setting down my cup, I replied, "If we're just talking about firepower, I'd be all for it, but you know it's not as simple as that, Vince. It would affect team morale having even a few conjurers in a team of augmenters. You know yourself how snobby most conjurers can get. I swear they think they're angel incarnates; most of them think of augmenters as some sort of primitive beasts for using their hands to fight. Even if we do manage to find a few that aren't so rotten, the team would start thinking we're hiring conjurers because I don't trust them."
Vince's gaze was focused blankly on a stained smudge on the table; it was obvious what he was thinking. "You have a point. I left you completely in charge of the security aspects, so we'll go with what you say, but we need to be absolutely sure the 10th Anniversary Helstea Auction goes well. Even the Royal Family will be there this time. We can't let any commotions get too big."
I simply nodded in agreement, giving my friend an appreciative smile.
"Oh right! We need to take your son with us to the Tenth Anniversary Auction. He had mentioned he wanted a sword, right? I didn't know you had taught him how to use the sword. I expected the boy to take after you on the infighting style you're so good at with your gauntlets."
"Sigh. I never taught him how to use the sword, Vince. He's already had a grasp of sword fighting since he was four years old," I let out, disbelieving the words that came out of my own mouth.
"You can't be serious… Lilia was still scared to go down the stairs by herself when she was four," a bewildered Vince sputtered.
I continued, "He apparently learned by watching me train and reading books on swords. Vince, that's not even the part I care about. It's when we spar, though. His gaze when we practice, his reactions and fighting style. I don't feel like I'm sparring with my eight-year-old son. It feels like I'm fighting some veteran sword master. The only reason I can handle him right now is because his body is still immature, but the way he reacts to my moves…it's something that only comes with decades of experience in life-or-death fighting."
"Mmm…I can't say I don't know what you're talking about. I sometimes find myself wondering if your son is actually only eight. Are you scared of him, Rey?" he asked seriously.
"No. That's one thing I've become more and more sure of. No matter what, he's still my son. I know he cares deeply about his family, too and that's all I could ask for as his father."
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
During these past two months, it was evident that there had been progress in Lilia's and my sister's mana manipulation. It was no longer necessary to infuse my mana into them anymore, so they were able to train by themselves now. Of course, it would still take a few years for them to form a mana core—especially Ellie and her short attention span—but I did drill into the both of them the importance of keeping their training a secret.
I didn't need to remind my parents and the Helstea family that keeping this a secret was important, but it was blatantly obvious that the four of them were excited for the day Lilia and Ellie would awaken.
Sylvie had been sleeping much more these past two months, but there were changes that became noticeable. For one, her intelligence was rapidly increasing. Her thoughts to me were more intricate and contained complicated emotions that went past just 'hungry' or 'sleepy.' In the few short months after she was born, it felt like she had gained years of emotional intelligence.
One major change had happened recently; she learned how to transform.
Okay, it wasn't really something as drastic as transformation, but she was able to manipulate her body a little. It felt like it happened so suddenly. I had been pondering how to hide her appearance in the days to come when she grows larger. She had been beside me when she started whining and scratching herself as if uncomfortable. The next thing I knew, her red spikes began retracting while her horns got smaller. It was a mind-blowing surprise. Now, most of the time, Sylvie just kept her spikes and horns retracted, making her look more like a cute, black scaled fox with little horns.
Throughout this time, both Vincent and Tabitha had insisted on giving me more gifts as thanks. Even if I wasn't able to acquire the cloak or mask, I had been planning on training Lilia. After all, she's part of the family that helped my family, so as far as I was concerned, there was nothing to lose in helping them. After numerous refusals, we had finally settled on something they could get me: a sword.
My body had finally grown big enough to properly handle a small sword without awkwardly toppling over at the slightest mishap. It wouldn't be bigger than an adult-sized dagger, but it finally allowed me to train my swordsmanship with something other than a wooden stick. We had decided to make it a family event and have both my family and Vincent's family go visit the Tenth Anniversary Helstea Auction.
Waiting in the living room downstairs for my father and Vince to get ready, I heard an obnoxious knock from the front door.
Sheesh, knocking once is plenty.
I let out a slightly annoyed shout that I'd get it since I was close by, anyway. No need to trouble the maids when I was right next to door.
"Who's ther—OOF!"
I was hit with the nostalgic sensation of getting smothered by a pair of foam pillows. A classic way of assassination, but shouldn't it be used while I'm sleeping?
"Oh my goodness! You were alive! Look how big you've gotten! I'm so sorry, Art! I wasn't able to protect you! I'm so glad!" the lady sniffled.
"Mmfph! Mmmfph!"
"Angela, I don't think he can breathe…" A comforting voice pointed out.
"Eep! S-Sorry!" Angela squealed.
Peeling my face away, I smiled at the sight of my companions. "It's so good seeing you guys again!"
My giant guardian angel, Durden, patted my head and I saw his narrow eyes getting watery, triggering a tear from me as well.
Adam smacked me on the butt. "Little brat! You know how devastated everyone was because of what happened? It's good to see you again, hehe."
"You've gotten better-looking, Arthur." I turned to see the charismatic Helen Shard with her signature bow still strapped to her back squat down in front of me. She lightly pinched my cheek and gave me a sympathetic smile before standing back up.
Suddenly, I'm embraced again, but this time, I was thoroughly surprised. "Sniff."
It was Jasmine. That cold, aloof Jasmine. She kept mute as she just tightened her arms around me, letting out soft sniffles.
I couldn't resist the urge to pet her head when she suddenly peeled herself away from me, her face scarlet. Quickly standing up and trying to regain composure, she shot me an embarrassed nod and turned away.
At this time, Sylvie woke up from her nap on the couch and trotted towards us.
"Woah! What is that?" Adam exclaimed. The rest of the Twin Horns had the same expression of surprise as even Jasmine turned back to look at the mysterious mana beast.
"She's my contracted beast, Sylvie," I announced while my bond hopped on top of my head.
"Holy crap! You already have a contracted beast? Do you know how valuable it is to have a bond? Oh man, I've been trying to look for a beast to tame these past few years but with no luck. The ones that they sell are way too expensive, too, lucky brat!" Adam was practically pulling his hair out in jealousy.
"Bonds," or "contracted beasts" for the official term, were highly sought after by both types of mages. It was a bit more advantageous for conjurers since, while the master prepared spells, the bond would be able to protect them. However, it was also very useful for augmenters as well, who often sought after beasts to contract them as mounts or a partner to have their back.
"What's with all the commotion down…Ah! You guys are here!" My father, wearing his uniform, leaped down the flight of stairs and rushed toward his ex-party members.
He was giving all of them a hug as my mother and sister came down soon after.
"Everyone! It's so good seeing you guys again!" my mother exclaimed. She didn't have the chance to say anything more as the girls all threw themselves at her and start drooling over my baby sister, both of whom were dressed very nicely for the event. My parents hadn't seen the Twin Horns for almost as long as me, so everyone was just as excited.
"Oh my goodness! Alice, Ellie looks just like you! She's going to grow up to be so pretty!"
"…Cute."
"Rey is going to have his hands full soon with potential candidates kukuku. Can you tell me how old you are?"
"Four!"
The girls were a jumble of excitement and estrogen as they ogled Ellie.
Vincent came down soon after with Tabitha and Lilia. The mother and father duo were matching in a black suit and dress while Lilia was sporting a flowery dress under a warm cloak. After everyone introduced each other, it was decided that the Twin Horns would come with us to the Helstea Auction House for the Tenth Anniversary event. On the way there, I filled them in on what had happened after the fall. My dad explained to them the basics in his letter, but they were dying to know the details. They were quite shocked when they learned I was in the Kingdom of Elenoir for over four years.
The ride was pretty short, so I wasn't able to finish telling them everything before we got off.
The first thought that had come to mind upon arrival was that Vincent really put in a lot of work into this. The Helstea Auction House was breathtaking. It was rather misleading to even call it a house as it towered high above any of the other buildings nearby. I've been to many national and historical monuments that were created by the most famous architects, but this was on a different level. I suspected that they had a lot of help from Conjurers from how large it was. The Auction House was a magnificent theatre with intricate designs all over. The main doors were over 4 meters in height and were made from petrified wood with carved designs on it. Compared to the naturalistic and elegant designs that I saw in the Elf Kingdom, this was more complicated and grand. It was in the shape of a half-cylinder with detailed stone sculptures of different weapons as supports.
We arrived early, so only the workers and guards were present, preparing for the event. The inside was equally, if not more stunning. The front door opened to a path that stretched out to a stage on the other end. To our left and right, there were rows of escalating seats made from a rather luxurious burgundy leather that could fit over ten thousand people comfortably. Upon looking up, I noticed that there were incased booths at the very top of the rows of seats and even higher, there was a single room attached to the ceiling and back wall with glass surrounding it, giving a clear view of the stage. It was easy to guess that those booths, as well as the single room, was for the VIP.
Turns out, that VIP room on the ceiling was the room we'd be seated in. Father and the Twin Horns, who had decided to help my father and the guards to prepare for any unwanted commotions or outbreaks, were the first to separate from us. Vincent separated from us after as he barked out orders at the workers and readied the hosts to greet the more important guests.
Tabitha led us to the room, making us comfortable inside the carefully-designed and furnished area that was meant for only the most distinguished and wealthy guests. There was a wine rack and a few reclining seats and tables with closer seats by the window. I made myself comfortable on a seat closest to the window.
The auction house was soon a panorama of cheerful and excited noise, as more and more people, who were no doubt people of some sort of influence, began filling the lower seats. There were some groups that seemed more distinguished than the rest who were personally escorted by the hosts to their booths. No doubt, they were some of the more affluent nobles in the Kingdom.
Growing bored of the hordes of overdressed nobles chatting eagerly amongst themselves, I shifted my attention to Lilia as she was teaching some sort of clapping game to Ellie. I couldn't help but smile myself as the both of them broke into a fit of giggles when either of them messed up and were flicked gently in the ear as punishment.
Time passed by rather slowly until Vincent came back, leading a group of unfamiliar people inside.
The first to come in behind Vincent was an elderly man with long, deep-red hair that was aged with streaks of grey. His back was ramrod straight with broad shoulders that took off years in his appearance. The man's eyes were stern with harsh, sword-shaped eyebrows, giving him an undeniably eye-catching presence. He was wearing a red robe lined with white fur around the collar and had a cane that shined brighter than any silver I had previously seen. Trailing closely behind him was a lady that looked a few years older than my mother. While my mother had a lovely, sweet, friendly ambience, this lady's facial features reminded me of an ice sculpture; refined, elegant, noble and of no flaws, but also cold and devoid of emotion. She was wearing a shimmering silvery-white dress that complimented her dark blue hair that draped over her shoulders like a well-kept tapestry.
Behind the lady of whom I assumed was the man's wife were two younger kids that could only be their kin. The older child, a boy that looked to be about the age of thirteen or so, took more after his father. With his serious brown eyes, straight brows, and his short mahogany hair that had a shiny luster just like his father's, it was apparent as to what he would look like a few decades down the road. Despite his fierce looks, however, there was a sort of unrefined charisma that was different from his father's. It was the sort of charisma that would make him the center of any group.
The younger one, a girl that looked to be about my age, surveyed the room carefully before locking eyes with me.
It would still be a couple of years until she started maturing, but needless to say, the potential was there. I couldn't help comparing her to Tess. They would both grow to be captivating to the men around them, but in very different ways. Tess was the lovely girl next door, with her comforting almond-shaped eyes that glowed a bright teal. Her peaches and cream complexion and rosy cheeks. Her unique, gunmetal hair complimented her eyes, giving her a mysterious, yet approachable aura.
No, this girl was the complete opposite. Her porcelain white complexion was a canvas for her meticulously carved facial features. Her penetratingly sharp eyes that seemed much too mature for her age was a dark brown shade that appeared larger because of her long, thick lashes. Her hair was a glaring black, which she got from her mother. Compared to her dark hair and eyes, however, her small lips were covered in a soft pink shade that gave life to her doll-like appearance.
It was hard not to wonder how they would grow up to be; whether mother nature would make them bloom or wither.
Peeling my eyes off of the girl in front of me, I focused on the three guards that followed after the picturesque family.
"I didn't know we would be in here with guests, Vincent," the man said, neither harshly nor kindly.
"I apologize, Your Majesty! I assumed you wouldn't mind having a few other people with you. You remember my wife, Tabitha, right? Well, these are our close family friends," he introduced, waving his arm in our direction.
After regarding us for a moment, his lips curled up into a smile. "If they are your friends, Vincent, then they are mine as well."
"It's a pleasure to meet you. At least we'll have some company besides these guards," the lady giggled.
I raised an eyebrow in surprise at the sharp contrast in the woman's personality to her appearance. She seemed much more welcoming, despite her intimidating looks, than her husband.
"Everyone, as you all may know, I'd like you all to meet the King and Queen of Sapin. Introduce yourselves to King Blaine Glayder and Queen Priscilla Glayder and their children, Curtis and Kathyln."
At this, my mother—who was holding my sister—Tabitha, and even Lilia, dropped down, genuflecting. I caught on and lowered myself a moment later as well.
Giving us a nod, the King gestured for us to stand. "No more of this, now. No need to be stiff, we're just here for the auction, after all."
As I got back up, Sylvie peeked her head out from under my robe where she was sleeping, surveying curiously the new faces.
"Kuu?" she chirped, tilting her head.
I thought I heard a gasp from one of the guards in the rear, but I wasn't able to tell since their faces were covered.
"Oh my! What a cute little mana beast!" Queen Priscilla's face brightened up at the sight as she made her way towards me.
The King and the two children's eyes looked towards my direction as well.
The guards took a step forward as well, making sure they were close enough to react in case something happened to the Queen.
"She just hatched a few months ago. Her name is Sylvie. Come out and say hello," I responded.
"Kyu~!" she cooed while hopping out of my robe and stretching her body like a cat.
"I assume this little mana beast is your bond, young man?" The King came closer, kneeling down to get a closer view of Sylvie.
I just gave a wordless nod. It should be fine with Sylv's appearance the way it is. "How fortunate you are to have a mana beast. Even infant ones are not easy to tame, yet she looks to be very obedient."
"Well we're able to communicate mentally, so it's more like a mutual agreement rather than obedience," I simply shrugged.
"What? You mean to say that you are under an Equals Contract?"
We all turned our heads to face the source of the voice. It was one of the hooded guards behind the children.
Damn, did I say something I wasn't supposed to?
"Umm, I'm not sure what that is, but she was the one that initiated the contract, so I think so?" I shrugged, hoping to switch topic.
Was it that big of a deal who formed the contract?
"Let me take a closer look at your bond!" the hooded guard exclaimed, creeping closer to us.
Before I could decline, the King stepped in.
"This isn't the time nor place to study someone else's pet. You're being rude, Sebastian." His gaze turned harsh as he rebuked him.
"My apologies…" he said, hoping I'd complete the sentence.
"Arthur. Arthur Leywin," I finished, giving a curt bow. As he and his wife gave me a small smile, we took our seats in time to hear the clear voice declaring that the auction would start soon.
A cold shiver made me turn back just to see Sebastian, who had taken off his hood, staring intently at Sylvie, who was nestled on my lap.


Chapter 24: Auction

"Ladies and Gentlemen! May I say that it is of the highest honor for me to be here tonight? All of you are gathered here today for one reason and one reason only, I presume? It is to have the chance to obtain rare and valuable items in this auction!"
Applause thundered in enthusiasm at the old gentleman's ardent introduction.
"If everyone in the audience would now kindly turn to face the back room at the very top, we have a few exceedingly important figures that have decided to bless us with their presence. Please join me in welcoming the King and Queen of Sapin!" The auctioneer was the first to flick out the tail of his suit and genuflect. The audience immediately followed suit, lowering themselves respectfully in a bow since they couldn't kneel in their seats.
The King and Queen, in response, stepped out towards the window in front of me and waved their arms slowly in a practiced motion.
"Next, the one that made this whole event possible. Please give a big round of applause for Vincent Helstea!"
The auctioneer's introduction was followed by another round of applause as Vincent stepped up next to the King and Queen, giving a deep bow in return.
I remained seated, looking down below at the crowds of people who were supposed to be of much higher class than me, but I couldn't help but look at them as if they were…
No… I shouldn't think like that. I'm not a king anymore. Hell, I haven't even gone through puberty yet. No point in acting like someone who didn't exist anymore.
I turned my gaze toward the King and Queen, studying them. Despite the stoic expression the King always carried, he didn't have a domineering demeanor. He had a charismatic and strong presence, making it easy to believe that a majority of the citizens of Sapin would respect him, but that was it. He didn't earn his seat; his father had given it to him. The Glayder family had been the Royal Family since the founding of Sapin. I wasn't surprised to see that King Glayder's mana core was only at the red stage.
Turning my gaze over to the Queen, something caught my eyes that I didn't really notice at first. Strapped to the backside of her dress was a white wand. I couldn't sense her mana, which meant she was either carrying an artifact that could hide it or she was at a level high enough where I couldn't sense it.
Queen Priscilla caught me observing her and gave me a discerning smile, revealing her pearl white teeth. Her smile threw me off-guard, making me flinch and quickly turn away. I could feel how hot my face was, making it all the more embarrassing. The word beautiful wouldn't do justice as a means of describing her. However, one thing I had noticed ever since coming to this world was the fact that I lacked any sort of sexual attraction towards these older women. At first, I had thought that it might've been due of the lack of necessary hormones currently in this prepubescent body, but the more I thought about it, I felt like it boiled down to the fact that my mother was just a bit younger than I had been before being reborn into this world.
I had never really been interested in human psychology but it was interesting noticing that women associated with the same age group as my parental guardian made them unappealing sexually. Maybe that was just me; no way to tell.
Of course, that also didn't mean I'd go for children my age like Tess, Lilia, or even this ice princess here. They could be the very personification of beauty itself, but it didn't change the fact that their mental level was that of a child. This was the reason I wasn't able to see Tess as anything other than a friend or a sister to me, even when she was so obvious in showing her attraction towards me. Maybe when she's older and more mature, I would start thinking about it.
Sigh. Being popular sure was a hassle.
"…kuu." I looked down to see Sylvie staring at me cynically, her eye half-open, judging eye seeming to say 'are you serious?'
"Haha…" I couldn't help but laugh in embarrassment as I pushed Sylvie's face in a different direction to redirect her hurtful stare with my hands to block her hurtful gaze.
A large hand lightly squeezed my shoulder. "Arthur, a sword is up for auction right now. Tell me if you want it so I can put in my bid. Don't worry about the price either! Perks of being the owner of this place," Vincent whispered.
"Thank you." I turned my attention to the item being auctioned off.
"This short sword was forged by a master smith who is also a fire artificer, ensuring that the quality during the forging process is top class. The core of this weapon is made from the core of a Thunder Hawk mana beast. Reinforcing this sword with just a little mana will produce currents of electricity around the edge of the blade, enhancing its cutting power and even having a mild paralyzing effect! The bid will start at fifty gold!"
Excited cries erupted immediately as nearly every noble boy who sought to become a mage tugged at their parent's sleeves, begging them to bid. I remained motionless, my head propped up on my arm as I inadvertently let out a yawn. There was a large screen that magnified the items so the audience in the back was able to see. However, while the little shock ability could be handy, it was obvious that the sword itself was subpar at best compared to the blade I had wielded in my previous life.
Vincent had been constantly shifting his gaze between me and the weapon, hoping I would at least be interested in the weapon that most people would kill over.
I shook my head in response.
"No worries! That was just the start! Let me know when you find something you like. Oh! I almost forgot. I have the items you wanted in the back. I'll have one of the workers deliver it to me after this event is over," he whispered, leaning closely to so only I could hear.
My ears perked up as I abruptly turned to him. "You managed to find a voice-altering mask as well?"
"It took a bit longer than I expected but I finally managed to find one. I also got you a coat made from a nightmare fox that should make it harder for the wearer to be registered to the unsuspecting eye. I thought it would be something you would want so I snatched that too while I could," Vincent replied softly, shooting me a wink.
"That's more than what I had hoped for." The mask was essential for me to become an adventurer, but the coat would no doubt be useful as well.
"Don't worry about it and just stay safe. I'm the one that has to deal with your family if something happens to you, you know," he chuckled.
I just smiled wryly at this fact. No. I wasn't going to give my family a reason to grieve again like I had done to them before.
There were a few interesting items along the way. There were several beast cores, most of which were B-class or lower. The prices for those were astronomical. Even a C-class core was around fifty gold, and each class multiplied this figure exponentially. There were a few more artifacts and cores but none of those were things I wanted.
The King himself bid on a few of them, winning an A-class beast core. It wasn't until a mage actually absorbed the core that they would find whether a beast core still contained a will or not. Chances were slim to find a core that still had its will still intact; even if it did contain the will, it had to be compatible with the user. Most beasts, however, had already passed it on to one of its offspring or instinctively chose to disperse their will before dying.
I guess the King was hoping to get lucky. The Queen, on the other hand, bid on a mana absorption ring and a couple other items useful for conjurers.
As we approached the latter half of the auction, the items began increasing in value. As more and more items were sold off, my interest started to deplete until a large, square container, covered by a sheet, was rolled out onto the stage by a few workers.
I couldn't help but grow agitated as the auctioneer removed the sheet, revealing a cage full of females chained together with only a dirty sack to cover their private areas.
It disgusted me as so many noblemen frantically began bidding on the young female slaves that were soon stripped to show their assets like animals. I realized that being born in a small town with people who disagreed with the idea of having slaves had made me almost forget the fact that slaves actually existed in this world.
My world abolished slavery hundreds of years ago, so the idea of owning a slave was something that I just couldn't get used to.
Memories of killing the slave traders that had abducted Tessia came back to mind. If I hadn't been there to rescue her, what would've happened? A shiver ran down my spine at the thought of Tessia being abused by a corrupt aristocrat. Now that I think about it, didn't I inadvertently prevent a war from happening between the humans and elves?
The taste of metal in my mouth brought me back to reality. Realizing that I had bit down too hard on my lower lip, I quickly wiped the blood off of my lips with my finger.
Tabitha and my mother had solemn faces at the sight of the slaves, but they simply shook their heads and focused their attention on Ellie and Lilia instead. Even though the Helstea family was a very prominent noble house, they opposed the idea of keeping slaves and opted to simply hire maids and butlers.
Vincent's face flashed with guilt but he quickly regained composure. I'm sure he was against this, but it couldn't be helped that the popularity and demand of slaves were too high.
Turning my head, I spotted the prince murmuring something to the little princess, but I couldn't guess what from her expressionless face.
This was becoming tedious. I was beginning to think that it would be better to hold off on getting a decent sword for now and just settle for a decent practice sword until my body matured a bit.
Getting up from my seat, I leaned back, stretching my stiff body when I spotted the hooded guard named Sebastian eyeing Sylvie with a disturbing twinkle in his eyes.
The beady-eyed, bony conjurer underneath that hood continued impatiently fiddling with his metal staff as his eyes stayed greedily fixated on my bond.
After a few moments, he noticed that I was glaring back at him. Letting out a stifled cough in response, he straightened his robe as he spread out his normally hunched shoulders to make himself look bigger. Staring down at me, he had the audacity to let out a smug grin, as if he had every right to do what he was going to do.
This foolish plebeian has the audacity to…
VINCENT HELSTEA'S POV:
It was a pity Arthur wasn't able to find a suitable sword.
No matter. There are enough swords in storage; I'm sure he will take a liking to at least one of them.
"Your Majesty, I hope you're finding it worthwhile to visit this humble auction house of ours," I assured, lowering myself.
"This place and event was anything but humble, Vincent. And yes, I'm not sure how you managed to secure an A-class beast core from a silvercoat bear, but you've managed to build quite the network. Let's just hope that the beast will is still intact." He clasped my back excitedly with his hand.
"Don't get your hopes up too much, Dear. You know how rare it is," I could hear the Queen mutter quietly in response.
The Queen turned back to resume her conversation with Alice and my wife. They seemed to be discussing something about the kids.
His Majesty and I turned our attention back to the main stage when, all of a sudden, a terrifyingly oppressive presence filled the room, constricting my body.
I tried my hardest to move, to try and find the source of this domineering bloodlust, but my body refused to obey.
What the hell was going on? This was the most secure area in the entire building with the King's guard inside, as well as my own, securing the outside of the room.
My breathing turned shallow as the overbearing pressure continued gripping at my insides.
I could feel beads of cold sweat slowly rolling down my face as if they, too, were afraid.
With much effort, my body relented a little and I was able to turn my gaze slightly to see if they knew what was going on.
While they were at least able to move their bodies, it was clear that they were just as confused as I was.
I had no idea what to expect next. I had assumed that I would live for quite a bit longer, yet here I was, at death's door, trying to struggle out of his icy grasp.
What in Hell's name was happening?
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
Damn it. I lost control.
I quickly turned away from the pale-faced Sebastian currently shaking on the floor, hoping no one had noticed.
I had only meant to give Sebastian a little scare, not to terrify every person in the room.
Taking a quick peek around, I let out a small sigh of relief after seeing that my mother and sister were okay. My sister was startled and crying, but they were both far away enough to not get directly affected.
I didn't think it would be this bad with this body of mine.
This was the first time letting my killing intent loose. Even when I was up against the slave traders, I had chosen not to emit any kind of intent in order to catch them by surprise.
The King's augmenter guards had their weapons unsheathed and positioned to defend around the royal family by the time I had withdrawn the pressure I had exerted onto the room.
"Who's there? You dare try and attack the royal family?" the King roared as he pushed his wife and children behind him. Queen Priscilla had her wand out and was silently muttering a spell as she herded her frightened children, as well as my mother and my sister, Ellie, behind her husband and the guards.
Vincent used an artifact in his hands to call for more guards inside and had the others scout the area for any assassins that may be, or had been, nearby.
Time ticked slowly for me as everyone in the room was in a state of panic and tension. My mother had grabbed me, holding firmly onto me and my sister as guards ran around with weapons held close.
My father had stopped by, but, after making sure that we were okay, left to try and search for the mysterious attacker.
It wasn't until they confirmed killing an intruder on the roof of the auction house that everyone had calmed down.
I let out sigh of relief, but unlike everyone else, my relief wasn't for the fact that the intruder had been killed, but the fact that I had been provided with a convenient scapegoat.
Thank you, intruder on the roof. Your sacrifice was not in vain.
"Oy Sebastian. How could a royal guard fall on his arse by a little intimidation from an intruder? You're going to die early like this." A hooded augmenter holding a spear shook his head, trying to sound tough in front of his comrades.
"I merely slipped!" Sebastian snarled, slapping away the hand that one of the guards held out.
He regarded me suspiciously for a moment but said nothing else as he turned away in disdain.
"Now! For the final item we have up for the lucky individual fortunate enough to acquire this!" The auctioneer's dramatic voice echoed from below as another cage covered by a silky cloth was dragged onstage.
Everyone in the room was still noticeably tense from the initial shock of an intruder, but their attention was now focused back onto the stage after Vincent announced he had been killed.
After a dramatic pause, the tarp covering the cage was removed, revealing a small feline animal the size of a large dog.
The auctioneer bellowed at that exact moment, "An infant world lion! For those who are ignorant of this magnificent mana beast, an adult world lion has the capability to at least become a B-class mana beast. I dare say that if taken care of well, this infant world lion could even become an A-class mana beast! Do you know what this means? Taking care of and treasuring this fine beast will allow its master to become a legendary beast tamer!"
The audience below us erupted into a frenzy as hands shot into the air, bidding without even waiting for the auctioneer. To my surprise, King Glayder smacked the glass with his hand as his eyes stayed glued to the mana beast.
Having never traversed to the Beast Glades, I was intrigued by cub as well.
Sebastian walked over to the edge of the room as well to get a better view of the mana beast currently on display. However, he merely let out a dissatisfied snort before walking back, getting another greedy eyeful of Sylvie.
I normally wouldn't have minded someone becoming jealous of the fact that I had a bond, but it was obvious that Sebastian had intentions to try and take my bond away from me. Needless to say, my patience with his borderline perverted leering was growing increasingly thin.
"Now, now! I won't be able to start the bidding until everyone gets settled!" The auctioneer shook his fingers with a satisfied grin plastered on his face as he waited for the crowd to sedate.
As the bidders all reluctantly settled, the auctioneer finally announced the starting bid. "We will start at one hundred gold!"
Back in Ashber, ten silver coins were more than enough to feed a family of four for a year. Of course, there were obviously luxury foods that totaled astronomical amounts, but simply by going off of that standard, one hundred silver coins, which amounted to a single gold coin, would be more than enough to feed a family of four for ten years.
Growing up in the humble outpost of a town, I had never realized how much money was truly spent by the affluent class.
Immediately, the price for the world lion soared. Soon, it passed four hundred gold and the bidders had no intention of stopping.
"500 gold!"
"550!"
"600!"
"700!"
"1000 gold coins!" the King bellowed into a voice-amplifying artifact.
Simply by hearing their king's voice, the crowd's incessant bidding stopped. It was obvious that, while there were plenty who could afford to bid higher, they were more debating on whether it was worth bidding against their own king.
It didn't seem fair once the King stepped in, but he at least had the decency to put up a high enough price.
After the auctioneer counted off, the price was eventually settled at a thousand gold coins or one white-gold tablet; something I'd only seen in books and pictures.
Vincent walked up to the King with his hand held out. "Seems like no one wants to bid against you, King Glayder," he congratulated.
"One white-gold tablet shouldn't be too unfair, right?" the King joked as he peered back down onto the stage, obviously excited.
"Thank you for the consideration," Vincent chuckled in defeat. "What are your plans with the new royal pet? Will you use it for yourself, or perhaps give it to your son?"
"While tempting it is for me to acquire a bond, I'm thinking of giving it to Curtis…" he said casually. "Of course, that all depends on how he does," he finished, patting his son's head.
"D-Dad!" Prince Curtis, whose face had visibly brightened at his father's first remark, stuttered out in worry.
Queen Priscilla, adding fuel to the fire, added, "Curtis, I remember you've been slacking off on your sword lessons."
"Ah! Mom! That was supposed to be a secret!" The fierce-looking prince tugged on his mother's sleeve as his eyes switched been his mother and father.
"Mama, can I have a pet?" Ellie asked.
"Haha! I don't know. Mana beasts only want to be pets for nice ladies," my mom teased.
"Ellie is nice! Right, Brother?" She pulled on my sleeve, sending me out to battle on her behalf.
"Hmm? Who knows." Shooting her an evil smile, I placed Sylvie on my sister's lap before she started crying.
The Tenth Anniversary event ended without any further commotion besides the one that I caused, and the guards escorted all of us back downstairs.
Upon reaching the storage room behind the stage, Vincent handed me a package wrapped in a black cloth. The items that the King purchased were being hauled to the carriage by some of the workers.
"Thank you." I accepted it graciously.
"For everything you and your family has done for us, this is hardly enough," Vincent replied. "Arthur, we have some swords in the back if you want to take a look while you're here. They might not be anything special, but I'm sure you'll be able to find a solid sword to last you until your body finishes growing."
"Oh! Are you planning on taking lessons with the sword?" The King inquired, putting a hand on his son's shoulder. "My boy has just started learning as well. Maybe you two can spar one day."
"Swords are merely a hobby for me, Your Majesty. I would never hope to amount to the same level as your son," I replied, turning back to redeem Vincent's offer.
"Your Majesty, Prince Curtis would only become infected with bad habits if he began sparring with mere commoners," Sebastian's hissy voice rang.
As I turned back to retort, my father and the Twin Horns came into view.
"Ah, you guys are here! How did you enjoy the Auction?" my father exclaimed, picking up Ellie after showing his respects to the King and Queen.
My father pulled Vincent aside as he and the Twin Horns began debriefing about the event.
"Your Majesty. If I may have a word with you," I heard Sebastian say as he leaned closely to the King's ear.
After a few moments, King Glayder shot his royal guard an irritated glance, but let out a sigh.
As the two walked towards me, it was obvious what they had just discussed by the way Sebastian wasn't even looking at me, but instead, at my bond.
However, instead of talking to me, the King called upon my father.
The King smiled at him, but his eyes remained stern. "I never did catch your name. You must be this young boy's father, correct?" he affirmed rather than asked.
"My name is Reynolds Leywin and yes, that is the case. What might be the matter, Your Majesty?" my father replied, lowering himself slightly.
"Sebastian, here, has been a royal guard for a while now and has helped our family an uncountable amount of times."
His voice stayed relaxed he spoke to my father, but the condescension in his tone was still apparent. "For the exemplary services he has provided me, and therefore the country, I do feel the need to reward him at times. You see; he has taken a fancy to your son's bond. I know it's not easy to sever a contract and I'm sure the boy has grown close to his little pet, but I would be more than willing hire a mage to take care of the contract and compensate you and your family for the troubles."
"Y-Your Majesty," my father stuttered, caught by surprise by the severe request. Taking a glance at me, he turned back to the King. "I must apologize, Your Majesty. Neither I nor my wife had anything to do to with my son's bond. He had acquired it himself, so I cannot speak on my son's behalf on matters of his bond."
"Hmm," the King turned his attention to my direction, regarding me loftily, and I suddenly realized that I was returning his gaze. He realized, then, that for the entirety of their conversation, I had been staring icily at him and his guard.
"Boy. Didn't your father teach you to lower your gaze when speaking to someone of your superior?" Sebastian snarled in disdain as he slammed the end of his metal staff to the ground.
"Sebastian, silence!" The King held up his hand. Besides the royal family and their guards, the King's request had caught the attention of the rest of my family as well as Vincent's.
"Hello, child." The King approached, standing an arm's length away from me. "I'm sure you've just heard me speak to your father so I won't repeat myself. How about it? My royal armory would certainly have a sword befitting that of any aspiring knight."
Not wanting to make a big commotion, I swallowed back the profanity that was itching to spew out of my mouth. "Thank you, Your Majesty, for your gracious offer, but I must refuse. A simple sword could never replace Sylvie."
"How dare⎯"
"Sebastian!" King Glayder roared. Turning back to me, he spoke again with a much more impatient tone. "How about a trade then? The world lion cub that I just purchased for your bond?"
"Father!" Curtis scurried over to his father, pulling on his sleeve. "I thought the mana beast was mine?"
Ignoring his son, the King waited for my response.
"Perhaps I didn't make myself clear. I do not wish to give, sell or trade my bond," I reiterated, failing to mask the annoyed expression on my face.
"I have asked you twice, child, for a favor. Twice," he emphasized, his tone growing grave. "I will ask you once more; will you give me your bond?"
The air was tense as everyone's attention was directed at me. Sebastian gave me a menacing look from bloodshot eyes, just waiting to be released. The rest of the royal guards were on standby near the two, carefully observing the situation.
"Then let me ask you a question in response, Your Majesty. How much are you willing to sell your children to me?" I asked coolly, never batting an eye.
Thrown off-guard, the King wasn't able to respond to the seemingly random question. "You have asked me twice and I have rejected you both times, yet it seems your pride won't allow you to accept my refusal. You don't seem to be aware of what you were asking me, so I hoped to clarify using my question instead. How much money should I give you in return for your son or your daughter, King Glayder?" I rephrased, without wavering.
I heard the sharp whistle of a sword leaving its scabbard. "Insolent peasant! You dare insult the King and his family?" a guard roared as he charged at me before anyone had the chance to respond.


Chapter 25: Aftermath

As the sword arced towards me, I noticed that it had a faint glow of mana surrounding it. Augmenting his sword to attack an eight-year-old… this guy really showed no tact. The hood covering the guard's face was blown back as he charged towards me, revealing a rugged veteran's furious expression.
Faces of horror could be seen clearly from those around us. The Twin Horns desperately tried to make their way towards the guard when they saw him attack me, to stop him from cleaving me in two. Even the King looked surprised at the unprecedented action of his guard, while the Queen had already frantically started reaching for her wand.
My eyes stayed focused on the guard that was about to swing down, but I was quite relaxed. Whether or not it was because he was angry, or because the training the royal guards received was mediocre, his attack was rushed and full of openings. I didn't even need to will mana into my body to deal with him. I took a step forward with my right foot as his sword swung down towards me, then reached up and grabbed the space on the grip of his sword between the cross-guard and his hand.
I proceeded to pivot on my right foot, using the momentum of his swing, while my body was parallel to the guard's. His reinforced sword whistled harmlessly through the empty space where I'd just been, creating a small fissure in the ground, and conversely embedding his sword in it. In one smooth movement, I quickly struck him in the jaw, which he hadn't bothered to guard with mana. The force of my upward punch, combined with his downward movement from his swing, created an impact much stronger than I'd expected. The guard only managed to let out a low grunt before he crumpled to the ground.
My attention immediately focused, then, to Sebastian. As I had expected, the dense fool was silently muttering a spell as his beady eyes locked intently with mine.
SEBASTIAN'S POV:
'That impudent brat! He needs to learn his place! When the King asks for something, it isn't a request; it's an order! How dare he not only refuse, but also reprimand our noble King! That brat doesn't deserve his equals contract! I personally come from a family of pure conjurers; elite mages capable of bending nature to their will. I don't have a contract with a beast at all! Yet, that brat has a beast that was capable enough to form an equals contract at such a young age! That means that the beast's level is least A class!' I couldn't help but grind my teeth in frustration.
'I'm the one that deserves the magnificent steed that that beast will grow to become! And yet, he refused me? He refused the King?'
"Insolent peasant! You dare insult the King and his family?" Harry let out a roar as he charged towards the brat, his sword brandished high up in the air.
'Yes! Kill that brat! I guess augmenters do have their uses at times. Hahaha! After that brat's dead, that black mana beast will rightfully be mine!'
Yet, before I could even start cheering for him, he'd been knocked out.
"…"
'What the hell? How did that useless, half-witted fool manage to knock himself out? Ugh… I guess I'll have to handle this brat by myself.' As I began taking out my staff, I noticed the brat walking towards me.
I had to hold back a laugh. 'He's actually come towards me? Is he asking to die?' Well, I didn't really care at this point. That non-mage 'Vincent' was a close friend of the King, but I'll probably just get off with a light punishment for killing an insignificant brat.
Whatever bothersome punishment he served me would be well worth it after getting my hands on the brat's mana beast.
As I began silently chanting a spell, I couldn't help but grow irritated as he continued to approach me. Was he such a fool that he couldn't tell that he was about to die?
However, a twinge of unease began forming at the pit of my stomach. This boy, no background or power to save him, had such confidence. Why did I feel like this brat, who's only half my height, was somehow looking down at me; as if he was the one that was superior.
However, much stronger than my unease was harsh contempt for having something that I had been searching so hard for. 'You're just trying to make me want to kill you more, aren't you, brat?'
He arrived in front of me just as I was about to finish my Fire Spark spell.
All of a sudden, a piercing crunch sounded from beneath me before I dropped to my knees.
"..."
'That's weird. Why did I suddenly lose balance?'
I glanced down, only to see someone's knee bent inwards, along with the bones, tendons still attached, sticking out of the skin.
'T-t-that's my leg!'
"GAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!"
"M-MY LEG! MY LEG!! AHHHHHHHH!"
IT HURTS! IT HURTS IT HURTS IT HURTS IT HURTS IT HURTS IT HURTS IT HURTS! I've never felt such excruciating pain in my life! Why should a noble conjurer like myself need to feel pain?
'W-Why is no-one helping me?' As I frantically looked around, it was apparent that everyone was somehow frozen. They weren't just surprised, but actually frozen in place.
It was then that I noticed that the colors of my surrounding had been flipped, or reversed. 'Have my eyes been clouded from the pain?'
"This space won't last long, so I'll make it quick. I'll tell you rightnow that it would be best for both of us if you stopped your hopeless pursuit of my bond. I don't wish to make an enemy of this Kingdom's leader, thus I'm giving you one last chance."
The boy was speaking in a manner that made me completely forget his age. The tone of his words, coupled with the way he articulated them, carried both power and dignity, caused a terrifying sensation that I had felt before.
'It was him back in the room!' As I thought this, the pressure bore down on me, forcing me to fearfully comply.
He turned his back to me as he walked away, taking a few steps forward, before suddenly glancing back at me.
He looked at me with an emotionless face, his eyes seeming to pierce straight into my brain like a hot needle, actually making me wince in pain.
'No… No, no, no... I can't breathe! I-I'm scared!' The torturous pain had been somewhat numbed. Instead, I could feel a warm sensation between my legs as my body accepted its fate of death.
His eyes continued to bore down at me in blatant disgust as I tried to stop my body from shivering.
He looked at me as if I was simply an insect, and slowly mouthed,
"Know. Your. Place."
KING GLAYDER'S POV:
While the implication of his message towards the King of a country was provoking, this eight-year-old's reasoning and argument fascinated me.
Even though Sebastian was a loyal guard that had served us for decades, it was beneath me to make this kid give up his pet. And yet, I still promised him beforehand that I would. Who would I be if I were to go back on my word?
Then, everything went south. 'Do the Royal Knight Guards only amount to this much…? To rush in simply because of an eight-year-old's provocation?'
I didn't bring my personal Templar Knights, thinking that there wouldn't be any trouble, but I couldn't have guessed that these fresh trainees would cause this much trouble...
Although it surprised me, I quickly composed myself. What's done is done. If a royal guard was to kill this child, the public might pity him and his family for a couple of days, but ultimately the fault would lie in the child's parents for getting in my way.
It was a pity that this kid's family was friends with Vincent. Cutting ties with the auction house owner may turn out to be... a bit inconvenient, in the future.
Yet, outside of all expectations, the eight-year-old displayed a series of movements that couldn't be more impeccably executed even if a Tempar Knight had done it. So deftly did the boy knock out my Royal Guardsman.
'Harry, you fool. How inexperienced do you have to be that you even forgot to reinforce your body?! The only thing you're doing is give a bad name to the Royal Knights of Sapin!'
"KYYAAAAAAAAAA!" I instantly turned my head in the direction of the shrill scream.
My wife was staring wide-eyed at something behind me, causing me to turn around to get a better look.
'How is Sebastian, who was fine just a second ago, now on the ground clutching his left leg like that? His leg has several shards of bone sticking out, yet he's just glaring daggers at the boy?'
The conjurer fumbled for his staff on the ground and as soon as he grabbed it, pointed it at the boy while starting to mumble a spell.
"Enough, Sebastian!" I roared at him. Did this ignorant fool not know that all of this stemmed from his greed for a child's bond?
I grabbed his staff and snapped it in half. Sebastian just looked at me in shock—as if I'd betrayed him.
This pathetic ingrate…
"Stand down! This matter is over," I growled menacingly at him as we locked eyes.
'He is in the presence of a King! No matter how much he has gotten used to it, it's best that I remind him that I can end his life on a whim.'
As soon as I finished this thought, the boy fainted. His family and, what I can only assume were his friends, immediately rushed towards him. I sighed. 'Settling this incident will be rather tiring.'
I could see that the boy's family and friends were struggling not to lash out at me.
'How wise of them to know their place in front of their King.'
Thinking about the trouble this had caused, and what it will take to deal with it, I let out a deep breath.
"I imagine that that boy needs to be treated; please excuse yourselves so that we can settle this matter another time," I announced as I guided my wife and children outside, leaving the two pathetic clowns that I'd been foolish enough to once call Royal Knights to be picked up by his teammates.
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
'Gah! My head!'
I pried open my eyes, curious as to where I was, but everything was blurry. As my vision slowly cleared, I carefully turned my head to the right and to the left.
It was my room.
"Kyu!" Sylvie woke up almost immediately and began licking my face. 'You're awake! You're awake!' she chirped, her tail wagging fiercely.
"Mmm...? Oh, you're finally awake!" My mom had her head in her arms as she leaned on my bed.
"The doctor said that you probably fell unconscious from shock, and that you'd wake up soon. However, I didn't think 'soon' would be eight hours." She ran her fingers gently through my hair, giving me a soft smile.
It was evident from her red eyes that she'd been crying for a while. A bitter taste filled my mouth in regret from making her worry again
"What happened after I passed out?" I willed myself to sit up, placing the excited Sylvie on my lap.
"We all left shortly after you fell unconscious. No one was in their right state of mind, thus the King excused himself first. Your father is downstairs with the King's representative. They're in the living room discussing what happened." Her eyes quivered in worry.
I simply nodded in response and got out of bed. My body still felt heavy from using the first phase of Sylvia's Draconic Will, so I limped slowly downstairs with Mother after she checked in on Ellie, who was asleep in her room.
As we made our way downstairs, I could hear my father, along with an elderly man's hoarse voice.
Upon seeing me, the representative suddenly stood up, giving me a slight bow, a bit of a relieved look on his weathered face. My father's back was facing me, so he only turned to look when he saw the old man start to get up.
"My son! You're awake!" He hurled himself over the couch and wrapped me in a bear hug, his hand cupping the back of my head.
"Yeah Dad, I'm fine. What're you guys talking about?"
"This representative came by with a few gold coins as a 'token of apology' from the King. 'For the small incident'," my father answered through clenched teeth.
"The Royal King has also ordered me to inform the Leywin family that both guards that attacked Arthur Leywin have been stripped of nobility," the representative added, his voice cracking.
"For almost killing my son, the King just gave them a slap on the wrist, and then waved them goodbye?" My father couldn't help but be livid from the frustration.
"Father, it's all right! Look, I wasn't hurt. Let's just end this matter." I squeezed my father's hand, giving him a reassuring look.
The King seemed like a decent enough character, but in times like this, I guess his priorities lie elsewhere.
The representative just looked at us matter-of-factly—as if it was a given that whatever the King had done was the right thing.
Letting out a sigh, I took a seat. 'I'm too tired for this crap.'
Casting aside the issue, I asked about Sebastian, in case he'd said anything. "What happened to that Conjurer? The one who had his knee broken?"
The representative just shook his head a little. "We don't know. Our experts hypothesized that it was due to the mana that the Knight attacked you with ricocheting and hitting his knee."
I just shrugged at this. Looks like the matter was settled more easily than I had expected.
After the elderly representative left—mainly because my father had grown impatient with his attitude—he turned around and gave me a grin.
"Good job knocking out that Augmenter. That's my son!" He put his fist out in front of him, which I promptly pounded with my own fist, smiling.
"Where are the Twin Horns anyway? I thought they'd be here."
My mother answered me while chuckling, "We had to keep them away from this, otherwise they might've really turned into wanted criminals."
I laughed at this, but I could tell that it was something they were genuinely worried about by the helpless look on my father's face.
According to my mother, the Twin Horns were waiting at a nearby Inn. My father told me that we'd head out there tomorrow for breakfast, and would discuss me being an adventurer with them. I nodded at this and went back into my room. My birthday was in less than two weeks. I'd finally be able to make my first mark here in this world.
As I sunk back down in my bed, I stared at the palms of my hands, idly thinking about the events from earlier. This was the first time I'd used Sylvia's Draconic Will. These past years that I had spent studying Sylvie's will, before assimilating it into my body and practicing it for four months, had caused me to sigh in wonder at just how powerful Sylvia was.
I was just tapping into the ocean that was Sylvia's powers. Unlike Grandpa Virion, who could only get a speed boost and blend into his surroundings, being a legacy tamer allowed me to access a lot more of Sylvia's powers at stage one.
What I had used on Sebastian was something that I decided to named 'Distortion'. I could basically separate myself from time and space for a brief moment. Although I couldn't alter anything around me, it did give me time to assess my situation. Earlier today, I'd exceeded my limits by using Distortion on another person as well. This had allowed me to get by unnoticed from the King—for now. I wasn't strong enough to act against him yet.
My current limit with Distortion, before I received any backlash, was two seconds. However today, I had used it on another person, as well as had prolonged it to five seconds. I'd done all that just to scare that bug named Sebastian. I'd used up all of my mana and passed out for half a day—just to terrify a bug. Maybe it would've been better to kill him.
No, I couldn't think like that anymore. Causing meaningless deaths just for my convenience wasn't something that I should do in this world. I needed to be different in this world.
I shook my head. I had a lot of time. Since I had so much time, I needed to be patient.
I unwrapped the package that Vincent had left beside my bed, only to see a completely white mask that was able to cover my entire face. It was a simple mask, with two sharp eye slits that curved upwards; it reminded me of a fox's eyes. There was no nose or mouth hole; just a singular blue streak that ran straight down the left side of the mask, through the left eye slit.
I tried the mask on, which somehow stuck to my face without the need of a strap. I also tried on the midnight blue coat, which turned out to be a little long. After strapping on the coat, it suddenly shrunk to fit my body perfectly.
I couldn't help but be embarrassed; I felt like some sort of wannabe assassin or vigilante.
"Ahh, ahh. Testing. Testing." The tone of my voice surprised me. It sounded completely different. My immature, high-pitched voice had become a rich, baritone.
"Kuu?" Sylvie just looked at me curiously, causing me to laugh and take off my getup.
"Aren't you excited? Don't you want to get a little bit of action as well, Sylv?" I patted her head, as my head swam with images of being an adventurer.


Chapter 26: Partners In Crime

"So… who's it going to be?" My father took a sip of his coffee, setting it down on the round wooden table we were all seated around.
We had been currently just finished eating breakfast with the Twin Horns party., who The group had chosen a rather modest inn full of lively chatter. As they conversed while eating breakfast, while my Mother was currently busy wiping off the remains of food chunks bits of food that had managed to escape my sister's mouth off of her.
"Kuu!" Sylvie hopped up onto the table, with her head held high. Even without her mentally transmitting, everyone was able to make out that, 'I'm enough to protect Papa!', everyone was able to tell that that's what she was thinking.
"Sylviee! Come here~!" My sister waggled a piece of meat in front of Sylvie, tempting my legendary dragon bond, who instantly began to drooling like a starving puppy, right before she leapt into my sister's arms.
When I saw this, I couldn't help but chuckle at the thought of Sylvie wagging her tail at a bandit smart enough to simply lure her away with a piece of meat.
Apparently my father's ex-party members had just finished a dungeon exploration with several other parties, so they had some free time before their next mission or quest. Thus, it wasn't really a matter of if they had the time, but rather if any of them wanted to.
Adam, who was spoke up first while polishing the tip of his spear, was the first to speak up., "Babysitting doesn't really fit my style, so I'll pass on this. Besides, I feel like, with my personality, Arthur might kill me in my sleep one day."
Despite the joke, my father responded with a solemn nod. He knew what kind of temperament Adam had, and in-turn knew that they weren't likely to get along with each other.
"I was hoping that Durden or Helen would accompany Arthur. Honestly, although I can't offer much, but Alice and I are more than willing to compensate you guys in whatever way we can if you do this."
"Don't talk like that, Rey, we're all family here. I, for one. would love to accompany him and watch him grow, anyhow," the gentle giant responded, his narrow eyes becoming even smaller as he smiled.
"Durden is right. You, of all people, should know that we aren't doing this for the money. Besides, we managed to get quite a bit of treasures off from of our last dungeon raid." Helen said, shaking her head.
Suddenly, a silent hand shot up, making everyone at the table turn to look.
"I would like to volunteer."
"J-Jasmine? You, you want to go with Arthur?" Angela sputtered, looking at her brusque companion in shock.
Angela had made it clear about how eager she was to accompany me, but I felt like Angela would be a greater source of danger than any of the possible threats of an adventurer. I tried to lightly hint that she might not be the most suitable but even I was surprised that Jasmine would take the initiative to accompany me.
"Hmm… Logically speaking, Jasmine is the most suitable person to protect Arthur. Durden only specializes in offensive area of effect spells. Although II do want to go with Arthur too, but I feel that maybe I'm probably not the most suitable person since protecting someone isn't really my strong suit." Helen just scratches her head.
"Jasmine, are you really okay with going along with Arthur?" my mother asked, concerned.
Giving my mother a determined look, she looked at my mother with a determined gaze as she nodded firmly in response.
"Pfft! The lady says she wants to go, let her go. She's the only Augmenter among us that has an elemental affinity! She just reached the dark yellow stage last year, and coupled with her wind attribute, I think she'd be the best suited." Adam said after a let out a chuckle as he leaned back on his chair.
"Hmm… For Arthur's safety, I guess I'll just have to step down from this. It's a pity though." Durden just scratched his head, clearly disappointed.
"Sorry, Durden, I know how much you care about Arthur." My father put an arm on the large mage's shoulder.
"Maybe I'll join the Twin Horns on a dungeon raid in the future!" I exclaimed. Durden just smiled at this, giving me a nod as he tousled my hair. The rest of the Twin Horns chuckled merrily as we finished up our conversation.
It was decided that, in a week's time, I would go with Jasmine to the Adventurer's Guild and register myself. I' would automatically start off as ant the E class adventurer after passing a simple test and could, depending on how well I do on any missions or on quests I take, raise my class accordingly.
Getting back home, I spotted Lilia downstairs —meditating— right as when a maid was gently placed a cup of water by her side.
"Uu… Lily no fair! Training without me!" My sister rushed past my side and plopped down into a comfortable sitting position to start her mana manipulation training as well.
As far as I could tell, it would take the both of them a few more years to actually form a mana core, but at the pace that Lilia was going, it was easy to imagine that she' would awaken around the average time most children did.
On the other hand, Ellie didn't have the patience for training, and grew bored after an hour or two, so it would take her a lot longer. That's fine though, I wouldn't want her to become a mage too early, as; she would attract too much unwanted attention. I' would be proud if she could simply can form a mana core by the age of nine or ten.
Putting away my jacket, I turned back to face my father, who was still making his way up the stairs. "Dad, can we go to the Auction House again? I'd like to pick out a sword? We never had the chance to after the incident, and I've wanted to start practicing."
"Yeah, I have a few things I need to tell my team there anyway. We'll ask the carriage driver to stay for a little bit, so go wash up."
________________________
Both Lilia's father and mother were already waiting for us at their auction house. It was my first time seeing either of them after the incident so I was faced with another long string of questions from the two of them regarding my health. After much coaxing and reassuring them that I was fine, we finally went inside. I could tell that Vincent had been less than thrilled by the treatment the King had shown regarding this incident, but at this point, just like how the King felt towards me, I only felt apathy towards the man. It was clear that he had not put me into any sort of consideration besides that of a less-than-insignificant child, which suited me just fine for now.
The King's representative had told us that night that both the augmenter that had attacked me and Sebastian had been stripped of their nobility. Vincent merely scoffed when my father told him this, though.
Rolling his eyes, the auction house owner spat out that their sentencing was nothing but comforting lies. "Bah! Men like them… as soon as they get their wrists slapped, and they just take a relaxing break for a bit, they'll It won't be long before they'll have their positions back."
I noticed my father tightly clenching his fists, but these sort of politics were all too familiar to me.
Father went off with Vincent to meet the guards, while Tabitha took our carriage back to take care of Lilia, leaving me with only Sylvie search for a sword.
Perched on my head, my bond curiously looked around the cluttered storage hall, littered with vaguely sorted crates and shelves of miscellaneous goods. Vincent had told me that the Helstea Auction House stored a lot of goods, most from different merchants and adventurers, and others from remote places, including the Dwarf Kingdom.
There had been almost no business transactions done with elves ever since the war over a neutral territory had reached a stalemate. Over the years, relations between the two races were said to have gotten better, to the point of even having a friendly tournament, but it would be a slow process before the enmity is actually ceased. This was a pity since elf weapons, which were comparatively lighter and thinner, would've been perfect for someone of my physique.
Something I had learned while living with the Eralith family in Elenoir was that, while both weapons and armors forged by dwarves were considered the highest class because of the race's innate mastery in the field, elves had their specialties in bows as well as conjurer staffs and wands.
Most of the enchanted weapons were bid during the event yesterday, so the only things left were regular weapons that would eventually be sold in stalls, which was fine for me; I wasn't looking for anything special, just dependable.
Peering through the endless rows of shelves and racks, I picked out a few to test. It didn't take long before I stuffed it back on the shelf it came from, malcontent by the crude workmanship of the swords. The balance between the blade and the grip had all been off and were shaped sloppily with no mind for executing all but simple swings or thrusts.
I didn't think of myself as overly nitpicky, but after hours of scouring through the room, it was clear that my taste in swords had become too particular.
Sylvie, growing bored of the repeated actions of removing a sword, swinging it a few times, and unhappily putting it back in place, hopped off my head and began having her own little adventure.
I treaded deeper into the large storage hall, passing the shelves and racks of the more appealing blades on display and arriving at a section where sheathed swords were simply crammed in barrels.
One thing I noticed about the swords in this world was that they fell into a couple of categories:
There were the large swords, either the wide heavy swords, or the long claymores. Many warriors and offensive augmenters preferred these behemoths because of the raw power that could be generated through a single swing, but others considered the weapons savage and unrefined.
The more balanced swords, seen most commonly used by knights and adventurers alike, were the broadswords. These were generally wielded with one hand, coupled with a shield in the other, but there are two-handed varieties. These swords provided the most balanced and versatile performances and were the standard swords to begin learning swordsmanship.
The last category of swords were the lighter and thinner blades. Weapons like sabers, curved single-edged swords—which my world called katanas— and rapiers as well as daggers all fell into this category. Sabers, katanas, and rapiers were focused on speed and precision while daggers were often used as a concealed weapon or dual-wielded for more versatile and acrobatic styles of fighting.
Even if the weapons here were second rate, the inner swordsman in me couldn't help but bubble in excitement.
However, it didn't take long for that bubble to pop. Letting out a defeated sigh from my fruitless search for a sword, I mindlessly swung the plain short sword I had picked out earlier and barely deemed acceptable. I would have to settle for this sword if I couldn't find anything else.
Giving up on the search for a better sword, I made my way into the miscellaneous section where they held different types of weapons. I could see various unique, albeit inefficient, weapons that looked like they were designed by a child.
Navigating through the aisles, I couldn't help but laugh aloud as I came across something very similar to what my world called nunchucks. There was even a morning star that was so heavy that, even after augmenting myself with mana, I struggled to lift it off the ground.
"Whew! Looks like a dead end Sylv." I sat down on the ground, leaning against a gigantic shield as Sylvie continued to trot about.
Suddenly, Sylvie let out an eager chirp.
Making my way towards my bond, I spotted Sylv digging through a pile of weapons. A cloud of dust soon encompassed us as Sylvie continued searching for something.
Making another excited squeak, she used her front paw to point at an unremarkable black rod.
It was less than a meter in length and just looked like some sort of walking cane.
"This wasn't what I was looking for Sylv," I sighed, but she hopped to me, nudging me toward the black stick.
Relenting, I walked over and picked it up, surprised by the weight of the rod that looked much thinner now that it was in my hand.
While it seemed to be made of some kind of polished wood, it weighed a lot more than just a simple walking stick.
Holding it up, I took a closer look, inspecting the rod more carefully.
The stick had a matte coat to it, not reflecting any light at all, while the whole rod was smooth to the touch.
While unnoticeable at first, I could see intricate indentations that formed a design throughout the pole, but other than that, I couldn't' find anything special about it.
Sylvie continued gazing at the rod in my hands, her golden eyes twinkling as if she had found a national treasure.
Finding nothing remarkable about it, I tried swinging it.
It felt good.
The weight was distributed in a way where it was balanced like a sword, even more so than the short sword I picked out as a backup. Taking another swing made me confident that this rod's balance was too purposeful for it to be just used as a walking stick or a staff.
Excitement growing inside me once more, I willed mana into my eyes. I had hoped to notice something with enhanced vision and my hopes came to light. t was so faint that I only noticed it after reinforced mana into my eyes; even then, I was only able to spot it because I was looking for it.
Even more faint than the indentation markings over the pole, was a small line that seemed to separate two parts of the stick.
"…"
This was a sword!
I immediately tried to pry the sword out of its scabbard, but it wouldn't budge. Even with my body reinforced with mana, I wasn't able to muster the strength to pull it out.
Don't tell me this was some sort of Excalibur that I had to be worthy of…
Pushing away the silly though, I infused fire attribute mana into the sword, but still, no use.
After half an hour had passed, I realize that elemental attribute mana was not the answer.
…No way… what if…
I activated Dragon Will. I didn't use its power but simply infused the Will into the sword. And, despite all of the previous struggle to pry the sword out, a light tug was all it took for the sword to glide out of its sheath.


Chapter 27: Worth Fighting For

The sword slid soundlessly from its sheath to reveal the flat blade.
I couldn't help but swallow back a lump of air as I fell into a trance, staring at the weapon much too beautiful to be considered an ordinary weapon.
The narrow blade was straight and thin like a rapier's but had a double edge, making it fit for slashing as well as thrusting. As the keen edge of the blade curved smoothly into a sharp tip, I couldn't help but notice that there were no markings—that the blade had been sharpened. The weight and balance of the sword was a bit off in my opinion but it was still much better than the crude tools I had picked up before. However, even this flaw was overshadowed by the breathtaking quality and color of the blade.
The translucent teal hue of the blade seemed to almost generate a luster of its own, even inside the dim storage room. There was a stark contrast to the matte-black scabbard and handle, making the color of the blade all the more radiant. Despite the fact that the blade was so narrow and thin, a few tests on a nearby iron container confirmed its durability and strength.
I could say with confidence that, even in my old world, there wasn't a blade as well-forged as this. Was this sword truly meant for beast tamers or was its criteria even more particular? I thought as I looked down at Sylvie.
Titling her tiny head, Sylvie let out a happy chirp in response.
Studying the blade more closely, I spotted a small engraving inscribed on the blade near the grip.
Dawn's Ballad W.K. IV
As soon as those words left my lips, a searing pain abruptly shot out from where I was gripping the sword, making me drop the weapon.
There was a gash that had already been cauterized across my palm. I was hesitant to pick the sword back up again, but when I did, I could see the faint remains of my blood getting absorbed into the handle of the blade.
"Kuu!" Are you okay, Papa? Sylvie trotted next to me, pawing my leg, concerned.
I'm fine, Sylv. After scratching the underside of my bond's chin, I gave the sword another swing. This time, the point of balance of the sword aligned perfectly to match with my undeveloped body. Even the handle of the blade seemed to have grown smaller to fit in my hand, as if it was made for me.
There were some extraordinarily valuable staffs and wands that had the ability to bond with a single user, allowing better manipulation of mana between the weapon and master, but I'd never heard of a sword doing something like this.
Picking up the sword, I pondered over the man, whose initial was "W.K. IV." Who was this person and how was he capable of forging such a sword?
I realized how much time had passed as my father's faint voice snapped me out of infatuated trance. Quickly sheathing my new sword, I made my way back to where my father was, Sylvie hitching a ride on top of my head. On the way back, I made sure to pick up the short sword I chose for back up.
"Well? Did you see anything you liked?" Vincent, who had been talking with my father, asked.
I nodded, holding up the short sword to him, "I found this sword and, after a few swings, I've grown to like it. Is it okay for me to take this one?"
Vincent took the weapon from my hand, drawing the sword from its scabbard. "Hmmm, not the best quality sword but it is solid and won't break easily. Rey, what do you think?"
My father accepted the sword, studying its blade, grip and guard before taking a several swings and thrusts. "The balance isn't the best but I think it'll be good as a first sword. What's that stick you're holding onto, though?"
Trying not to make a big deal out of it, I gave casual shrug. "I tripped over this really sturdy stick on my way back here. Do you mind if I take this back home to practice with, Uncle Vincent?"
"Ah that old thing! I remember one of my merchants telling me how some senile old man just handed it to him, mumbling something about finding a worthy master. We had a few of our inspectors check if there was anything special about it, but for all they were able to find out, it was just a sturdy, hard cane. It's been gathering dust here so if you think it'll do you some good, go ahead and take it," Vincent answered, lightly squeezing my shoulder.
Success.
****Kingdom of Elenoir****
TESSIA ERALITH'S POV:
"Haaaaaaaaaaa…." I let out an exaggerated sigh, looking out the window from my room. My hands were getting numb from leaning my head on it for so long, but I didn't want to move as I only grew more annoyed.
How dare he! Stupid Art!
Finally willing myself to get up, I let out my pent up frustration by kicking the wall.
"Ouch!"
Stupid Art! This is his fault too!
Cradling my aching foot, I wiped the tears that had welled up in my eyes, unsure of whether it was from the pain of my foot or my loneliness.
I had just gotten back from Grandma Rinia's home. It was hard, but I was finally able to guilt-trip her into letting me spy—I mean, make sure that Art was doing okay.
I should be happy that he's with his family and everything… but doesn't he miss me?
He looked too happy! And who's that girl? Wasn't Art acting a little too nice to her? That cunning girl even got Art to teach her how to manipulate mana!
He never taught me!
That Arthur… When I get my hands on him, I'm going to give him a piece of my…haa… who am I kidding, I just want to see him.
It'd been a few months since he had left but after getting so used to seeing him every day, those months had felt like years.
"Maybe I should've treated him more nicely while he was here," I muttered aloud.
I couldn't help but cringe remembering all of the times I had physically abused him, just as an excuse to touch him.
But that wasn't my fault! It's his fault for being such a thickheaded idiot!
Mama and Papa were quite proud that Feyrith, the noble brat who messed with Art, and his sister were able to place in the top five during the trial competition that they had with the humans, but I couldn't care less. It was just a show to boast our strength to the humans and dwarves anyway.
Grandpa had mentioned that the actual Continental Tournament—which was what the humans decided to call it—would happen every five years from now on. Did that mean I would have to wait five years to see Art? Five whole years?
"Uuu…." This sucked. The only thing that kept my mind off of Art was training. My goal was to become stronger than Arthur. The next time we meet, I wanted to surprise him by how much I'd grown. Maybe then he'd see me in a different light.
Stupid Arthur, I repeated. Even though he was younger than me, he still treated me like a kid.
Even though I'm the older one…
I held up the water-filled orb that Granny Rinia gave to me as a present. She was able to capture a scene and integrate it into the orb so that it would constantly show an image of Arthur's face.
"Dummy!" I cursed at the bubble, poking the sphere where the image of Arthur's cheek was.
Suddenly, the door flung open. "Young one, I have good—"
"Grandpa! What did I say about knocking?!" I squealed, quickly trying to hide the orb behind me. However, by the sly grin on his face, I knew that he had already noticed.
"I see you're using that orb well," he snickered as his usual, stern expression was replaced by that of a wily fox.
"Stupid Grandpa!" I reached for my pillow nearby and flung it at him before he could see how red my face had turned.
"Don't mind, don't mind! I would rather enjoy having Arthur as a grandson-in-law, anyhow! But isn't it a little too early for that now?" He roared out in laughter as he continued teasing me.
Whipping my head away from Grandpa, I did my best to hide my embarrassment, unable to let out anything other than a frustrated grumble in response to his ridicule.
"Don't pout now! I've got some good news for you, Little One." I turned my head slightly just to indicate that I was listening.
Letting out another hearty laugh, he spoke. "Now, what if I said that you could have the chance to attend the same school that Arthur will be attending—"
My body spun so fast that I grew dizzy. "Then I would say that you're the best Grandpa ever!" I cut him off before he even finished speaking. "You're not lying to me, right?" I grabbed Grandpa's sleeve and tugged it hard.
I heard a chuckle from the doorway. "Did you tell her, Father?" Mama and Papa walked into the room, smiling.
I turned to them, "Mama! Papa! Is it true? I can go to school with Arthur?"
"Calm down, Tess," my mother gently chided as she patted my head.
"Your Grandfather has close ties with the current Director of Xyrus Academy. He got in contact with her recently and she was excitedly telling your Grandfather about how there will be a genius quadra-elemental augmenter attending her school in three years' time," my father added.
"Who else besides Arthur is a quadra-elemental augmenter? I instantly knew, but of course, I didn't say anything about me training him. That is a little secret I plan on surprising her with later on," he let out an evil grin.
"Why is he waiting three years before going to school? Isn't he more than fit to go now?" I tried to speak casually, but my excitement had me grinning to my ears.
"Well, she did mention something about him wanting to be an adventurer," Grandpa mused.
My mother gently squeezed my hands. "The important part is that this gives us enough time. We're still trying to negotiate terms to have a trial run for the integration of the younger generations of elves and dwarves to attend school together with the humans at Xyrus Academy. The King of Sapin agreed that the only way to start mending our relationship was by allowing the younger generation to form bonds with each other," she explained.
"You'd better train hard, Little One. A lot is riding on this. I'm willing to bet that Arthur had chosen to become an adventurer before attending school so that he could get some real experience in fighting. After he's done, he'll be at the age a typical student would be in, so stay on your toes. He's going to be popular, so if you don't snatch him, some other lucky girl will." Grandpa shot me an evil wink.
"Father, I think that's enough teasing now. Look, Tess is about to cry!" I could barely make out my father shaking his head through my watery eyes as I tried to stay strong.
****Kingdom of Sapin****
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY ARTHUR!" everyone cried out in unison.
The whole Helstea house was decorated lavishly with festive ornaments and woven threads as the Twin Horns and the Helstea family as well as my own gathered together to congratulate my ninth birthday.
"Thank you all for bearing with me!" I gave a deep bow as Sylvie mimicked me, nodding her small head.
The dinner turned out amazing as the chefs went all out tonight. My mother made sure to include some of my favorite dishes, some of which she made herself.
A panorama of noise filled the halls: laughter of the kids, the clinking of wine glasses and busy footsteps of maids and butlers. The table was pleasantly loud as Adam belched loud jokes and made fun of some of the members with their embarrassing moments while exploring the dungeon.
"Adam, you seem to forget the time when a horned mole snuck up under you while you were taking a piss in the dungeon. As I recall, you got so scared, you landed straight on your back, peeing on yourself like a fountain," Jasmine coolly said as she casually continued sipping her tea, not even bothering to look at the petrified Adam.
"Pfft!" The food in my mouth sprayed out as I tried to contain my laughter. My father blatantly roared with laughter, nearly falling back in his chair as he pointed his finger at the frozen Adam. Even Vincent had his face buried in his hands as he tried to keep from laughing.
"No! Y-You! I thought n-no one was awake when that happened?!" Adam's face turned ghostly pale and his shoulders slumped in utter defeat. Meanwhile, the women just shook their heads in embarrassment at the men's behaviors.
All in all, everyone was having a great time. Ellie chimed in eager to tell all of us about her adventures in learning how to read and write, trying to be a part of the grown-up conversations as well, while Lilia just giggled and agreed.
After dinner, everyone migrated to the living room where the fire had just been lit and area filled with a smoky fragrance.
"Happy Birthday again, Son. This present is from your mother and I, and of course, Ellie as well." My father handed me a package wrapped in cloth while Mother was holding back Ellie, who's fidgeting fingers were eager to unwrap the present.
Opening it, I saw a fingerless glove meant only for my left hand. It was black and simple but embedded on the top of the glove were 3 white stones.
"Your father hunted the material for the glove and I imbued my healing spells unto those three white stones. Each of the stones carries a single-use spell. I'm sure it'll be useful to have some safety measures while you go out on missions." My mother looked at me with sad smile. I could tell she still wasn't ready to send me off.
"Thanks Mom, Dad, Ellie, I love it. This'll be really useful for me." I gave each of my family members a big hug. Putting on the glove, I could tell how sturdy the material was, not to mention that the three healing spells would be extremely useful in a tight situation.
"Ahem! Next is us!" Vincent pulled out a small box. He dramatically got down on one knee and opened the box, revealing two silver rings, one plain, and one with a small clear gem.
"…"
Uhh…. Where was he going with this?
"Honey! Stop teasing the boy!" Tabitha smacked Vincent's shoulder while he held in his laughter.
"Okay, okay! Arthur, this is more of a present for your family than you but I'm sure you'll appreciate it as well."
"This ring," Vincent pulled out the plain ring, "Is what you will be wearing, while this ring," he handed the gemmed ring to my mother, "Is what your mother will be wearing."
Tabitha continued on for him, "Alice, while Arthur is wearing the ring, you'll be able to tell whether he's okay or not. The plain ring is able to keep tabs on the mana circulation that naturally flows in a mage's body. If the natural mana flow stops, the ring you're holding, Alice, will glow red and emit a high-pitched sound."
"We thought really hard on what Arthur may need during his time as an adventurer, but Lilia was actually the one that brought up the possibility of giving a present that'll help him and his family. Unfortunately, the rings can't do much more than that but I thought this would bring you some peace of mind Alice, Rey." Vincent shrugged his shoulders.
My mother teared up while clutching onto the ring. "Oh Tabitha, Lilia, thank you!" She hugged the both of them in a tight embrace. "Thank you, Vincent." She gave Vincent a deep bow while he shook his hands, saying how this was nothing much.
I couldn't help but smile, looking at my mother.
If this ring could free my family from constantly worrying about me, then this was the best gift I could ask for. But I couldn't help but become concerned at the psychological presence wearing the ring would have on my mother; she might end up checking it religiously.
"Well how are we going to beat that, guys?" Adam chimed in. My guardian angel Durden walked towards me, handing me a roll of parchment.
"You see, we also thought along the same lines as the Helstea family. We couldn't really think of what to give the little monster so we decided on this!" Adam waved his arm in a dramatic manner.
"Those two scrolls are sound transmission scrolls! I'm not going to elaborate on how expensive these were, because they were extremely expen—ouch!" Jasmine smacked Adam on the head.
"Cough! Anyways! With this, you now have a one-time source of communication. Just infuse mana into the scroll, Arthur, and you'll be able to send a message to the other scroll. After the holder of the other scroll receives it, Mama Leywin, she can then send the reply! After the reply is sent and the other person listens to it, the parchment will then turn to ashes! TADA! You're welcome!" Adam gave a dramatic bow.
The members of the Twin Horns were all taking turns talking smack about Adam's egotistical performance, but they gave my family a warm smile.
I could tell my mother and father's moods had turned a whole lot better after knowing that they wouldn't be sending their son off to who knows where without knowing how he was doing and what would become of him.
I gave each of the Twin Horns and the Helstea family a hug, thanking them for the presents. Lilia turned beet red while Tabitha just giggled at her.
Honestly, I already had what I needed, but the ring and scroll would be an invaluable source of comfort for my family, which I was worried about the most.
Soon after, my parents' ex-party members all left to go back to their inn. The Helstea family went back upstairs when Lilia started dozing off, tired from the long day, leaving me with just my parents. Ellie was asleep while cuddling the snoring Sylvie. I was already all packed up, prepared to leave tomorrow morning and meet up with Jasmine in front of the house. Tonight would be the last chance to have a real talk before I left.
"Tomorrow is the big day, Son. Are you excited?" My father clasped my shoulders. My father's eyes were lined red as I could see him holding back some tears.
My mother had given up on holding back her emotions and kneeled down to give me a big, bear hug, her face buried in my chest as she sniffled.
"I'll be fine Mom, Dad. I promise I'll try to be back home every chance I get. If anything happens, you'll be able to know."
After talking about my life and the dangers of being an adventurer, my parents ushered me back into my room. I plopped into bed and stared at the ceiling, Sylvie asleep next to me. I had a family and now, I had people who loved me. I had people that cared about me for who I was, not for the position I had. It was a nice feeling that I would never want to give up. I'd fight for it and make sure to treasure this emotion that I was devoid of in my previous world. For that, I needed to better myself. More so than when I had been a king.


Chapter 28: Examination

"Crying won't work! Shouldn't you be used to water by now, Sylv?"
"Kyuuuuu…" Sylvie finally escaped from my grasp and scurried out of the shower, still dripping.
"Haa…" I shook my head as I finished washing up by myself.
Wearing nothing but a simple t-shirt and pants, I took one last look at the room I had been living in for the past few months, imprinting the image. I put on my glove and ring, packing the coat and mask along with a few other necessities into my bag. I strapped both Dawn's Ballad and my short sword to my waist before walking out.
"Trust in Jasmine when things get rough. She may be the youngest but don't doubt her strength and experience as an adventurer," my father advised as he pulled me into one last—firm—hug.
"Why are Brother and Sylviee leaving? No! Stay here!" My sister was now struck with realization that I wouldn't be home for a while. She was clutching my waist and refused to let go as she used the weight of her body to anchor me down.
"Honey, your brother will be back, okay?" My mother attempted to console her.
"Nonononono! Stay!" my sister demanded. She had refused to listen to excuses and began shouting with tear-filled eyes.
Kneeling down, I wrapped Ellie in my arms as I patted her back. "I know you're a big girl now. Can you protect Mom and Dad while I'm gone for a bit, Ellie?"
"UUuuu…hic…I can protect them…" she replied in a muffled voice, burying her head into my shoulder.
Letting go of her, I studied my baby sister's face, wiping the tears streaming down her cheeks.
"Atta girl. Your big brother is going to be gone for a little bit but I'll be back. I feel a lot better that we have someone strong like my little sister here to protect the house."
"Yes!" she seconded eagerly, her eyes filled with a newfound determination.
Patting her head, I gave Mother and Father one last hug.
"We'll miss you. Don't forget to keep the ring on your finger, okay?" My mother squeezed me tightly.
"Stay safe and know your limits, Arthur." Father placed a hand on my shoulder and stared at me, waiting for a response.
Know my limits, I repeated to myself, giving my father a firm nod.
After the partings were finished, I made my way down the front stairs to where Jasmine had been waiting.
I waved them one last goodbye, gesturing to my sister, who was waving both her hands as she bit her lips to keep from crying, to cheer up.
"Let's go, Jasmine," I declared while putting on the mask and coat.
She replied with a terse nod as we began heading downtown to the Adventurer's Guild Hall.
______________________________________
The Guild Hall was not what I had expected it to be. A vivid image of a place filled with thugs seated around wooden tables downing beer was what I envisioned. Instead, it was a building filled with prestige and luxury. A marble structure towered over us like a sacred museum. Once inside, it was clear the amount of work that had been put into the intricately designed interior. There were tables made from metal where I could see other adventurers giving us a passing glance. The whole place had an ambience of extravagance that didn't suit me, much less some of the barbarian-looking adventurers here, but I simply continued my stride.
"Welcome! How may I help the two of you?" The female receptionist's rehearsed smile gleamed a pearly white.
Before I had the chance to reply, Jasmine slid a piece of parchment towards the woman.
"I would like to sponsor him for a rank examination." Her face remained expressionless as she said curtly.
"Y-Yes! I understand," the receptionist answered, nodding her head fervently as she handed back the piece of paper. "Please, come over this way."
Getting up from her seat, the women opened the door beside us from the other side. As we entered, I couldn't help but notice the hushed murmurs around us.
"Oy, there's someone taking a rank examination," someone whispered.
"It's just a girl and some masked midget, though," another hoarse voice mocked blatantly.
I held in any questions I had and simply followed the clerk in silence. Passing through the door, we were led past the row of seats behind the glass counter where the receptionists were stationed and into a small room.
The office was minimally decorated with two leather couches positioned to face each other. On the far end of the room was a dark, wooden desk facing the door; a slender man was seated behind the pile of neatly-stacked papers, jotting down something with a quilted pen.
Roused by the sound of his office door being opened, the man looked up to reveal a sharp and angular face. The head of black hair I had been staring at was parted down the center and reached just past his thin neck. Behind his rimless and thick glasses were a pair of sharp eyes that regarded us intently.
"A-Class Adventurer, Jasmine Flamesworth has requested this…" the clerk's voice trailed off as she eyed me cautiously. "...gentleman to be taken in for a rank examination."
"Yes, I'm quite aware of who Miss Flamesworth is. You may wait outside, Mary." The slender man waved her away as he stood up from his seat. "Miss Flamesworth, how are you these days? I met with your father not too long ago."
Jasmine simply gave a terse nod, that barely resembled a bow, as the man approached us. Her expression had gotten sharper since coming into this room, but at the mention of her father, Jasmine's hands clenched into fists.
"Anyway, it is a pleasure to meet you." The man shifted his attention to me, finally acknowledging my presence. "My name is Kaspian Bladeheart, and I am in charge of this branch. I take it that you must have some sort of close relationship with Miss Flamesworth. Is there a name I can address you by?" His gaze darted up and down as he quickly assessed me.
"Kuu!" Sylvie answered in my stead.
I had made Sylvie transform back into her original form during my time as an adventurer so her horns protruded and her red spikes were visible.
"I go by Note," I answered gruffly. The name didn't mean much and was made fairly mindlessly based on the blue streak that went through the left eye slit; it had reminded me of a single half note.
Kaspian's eyes widened in surprise but he quickly recovered, responding with a casual smile. Other than that, seeing a mana beast didn't seem to surprise him, which I assumed was because of his line of work. "Yes! Well… Mr. Note, we will proceed with Miss Flamesworth here as your sponsor. Do you know how this will work?"
Shaking my head, I let him explain. "An Adventurer of B-class or higher has the right to sponsor a new adventurer for an examination. Depending on how well you do, this exam will give you the opportunity to be placed into a suitable rank. This way, you can avoid the needless struggles of starting from the very beginning. The rank exam will consist of only a practical portion. Now, judging by your weapons, I can assume that you are either a fighter or augmenter, yes?" He looked quizzically at the black stick tied to my waist below my short sword.
"Yes."
"Okay! Usually, there would be a quick application along with an inspection of your mana core before the exam but since it is Miss Flamesworth here sponsoring you, I will waive that," he continued as he opened another door at the far end of his office. "Mary, take these two to the examination hall."
"Y-Yes!" The receptionist, who had been waiting outside the room, entered hastily and led us toward the back door. "Please, Mr. Note, Miss Flamesworth, right this way."
I peered at Jasmine through my mask as we made our way down the long corridor. Was this the reason why she wanted to be the one to follow me? The Flamesworth House was mentioned with a fair degree of respect, but what exactly was the Flamesworth House?
I was forced to squint as my eyes tried to adjust to the sudden change in brightness as we exited out of the dark passage. As the blinding glow subsided, I was able to make out the details of the hall we were in. The brightly lit area was an indoor, dirt-floored arena with standard theater seats that appeared more like exaggerated stairs. While most of the seats were empty except for the scattered ten or so people, there was a tense atmosphere as everyone's eyes focused on the two people at the center of the arena.
"Please, follow me to your seats. There are quite a number of examinees today so if you would remain seated until the examiner calls your name, it'll really help speed up the process." The receptionist gave us one last, quick, bow before scurrying back down the rows of stone seats.
Placing Sylvie between Jasmine and me, I leaned forward to get a better view of the two fighters about to duel. Jasmine simply leaned back in apathy with her legs crossed.
"Haht!" the larger, bald man roared as he swung down his polearm. It was obvious that he was at a disadvantage against his opponent. The man he was fighting was of average build with short black hair and a jagged scar that ran down his cheek, but he was easily dodging all of the bald man's wide swings.
The scarred fighter had an apathetic expression much like the one Jasmine had. He didn't even bother using the broadsword he had in his right hand as he continued weaving around his bald opponent's brash attacks.
Face red in frustration, the bald fighter bellowed, "Take this!" The fact that he had announced his next attack meant that he was either confident or he was simply an amateur. In this case, it seemed to be the latter.
The polearm he had brought up high above his head suddenly began glowing a dim orange as a heat wave surrounded his weapon. The scarred man's expression changed from boredom to mild surprise.
"Hell Smash!" the bald man roared as he hacked down. Just like how conjurers chanted spells to focus their intent, many augmenters also chose to do something similar, like vocalizing the name of their attack. However, for such a simple move, it seemed excessive.
Even from up here, I could make out the scarred man's derisive sigh as he simply held up his broadsword to take on the attack.
The sharp ring of metal meeting metal echoed throughout the arena. However, the sight of the polearm spinning up high in the air made it fairly easy to determine who the winner of the exchange was.
The large cueball of a man was gawking down at his empty hands, apparently surprised that his ace attack was so easily dealt with.
"Your skills as a polearm wielder is nonexistent and your battle senses are lousy… and that's me being nice. You depend too much on physical strength compared to your mana reinforcement, which throws your attack's balance off. It says you've just turned thirty-five but you're now only at the dark orange stage. I would normally put someone of your caliber at E-class but seeing how you have a fire affinity, if that little heater move you just did can even be called fire, I'll pass you as a D-class…barely." The scarred examiner's assessment was curt and to the point, but I couldn't have agreed more with him.
"Next! Diane Whitehall!" the scarred man bellowed as the bald examinee dispiritingly made his way back to his seat, picking up his polearm along the way.
"Yes! Coming!" A woman on the other side of the stadium scampered down the rows of seats, nearly stumbling along the way.
She was a freckled girl that looked to be well into her teens. She had her curly brown hair tied back and was wearing a standard conjurer's robe that looked more like a fancy bathrobe. She fumbled to get her wand out of her belt, but managed to get in position without dropping it.
Snickers and giggles spread through the arena from the scarce audience, shrinking the girl—Diane—even more so in embarrassment.
"What a waste of time. Just fail this girl," a boy's voice to my left caught my attention just in time for me to see him mockingly shake his head.
The boy didn't look much older than me, which surprised me. I hadn't expected there to be someone so young trying to become an adventurer. While he was also wearing a conjurer's robe, it was on a different level; it really did make Diane's robe look like a bathrobe in comparison. With his embellishments and other fineries, it was apparent that he was a noble. With medium-length blond hair that covered his ears and was trimmed to set just above his dull, green eyes, it was easy to tell that he was an attractive boy. By the permanent smirk plastered onto his face and the way he lifted his chin just a tad so he was always looking down at everything, I'm sure he thought of himself as a superstar.
However, what caught my eyes was the polished white, wooden staff that was by the boy's side. Embedded at the very top of the staff was a large ruby-colored gem that sparkled in the stadium lights.
He was a fine example of someone that rubbed me the wrong way, so I chose to turn my attention back to the stage.
The scarred examiner that had examined the bald augmenter was sitting down, replaced by a woman. The person, who I assumed was the conjurer's examiner, wore a conjurer's hat in the shape of a large cone that set a shadow covering most of her face.
Tilting her hat back, I was able to see the instructor's pale face. Her thin eyes darted around at the audience before she let out a loud cough to have everyone settle down.
"Ahem! Diane Whitehall, age eighteen, a conjurer at the solid orange stage with a single specialization in water. Let us begin." The female examiner threw the notepad towards the scarred examiner and held up her grey staff.
Once a conjurer had reached the orange stage, it was apparent where his or her specialty lied. Instead of wasting time trying to be adept at all four elements, it was much more efficient to focus solely on the element of their highest affinity. Single specialization, in her case, meant that she relied primarily on water spells. Dual specialization and up, there would be a strict test to see if you really were adept at two elements.
Instantly, the freckled examinee murmured a spell, conjuring a bubble of water to surround her.
The basics of battling as a conjurer was setting up defensive measures. They did this since most weren't proficient in reinforcing their bodies with mana.
Diane's examiner, however, didn't cast a defensive spell but instead chose to go on the offensive.
"Sandstorm!" the pale examiner shouted as a gale of sand whirled around the freckled girl and her defensive water bubble.
The gust of sand merged with the water, turning Diane's defensive spell into a large orb of mud. "Release!" The mud bubble burst at the examinee's command. Jumping back, she muttered another spell while a pressured ball of water began forming at the tip of her wand.
[Aqua Cannon]
The sphere of water burst out in a blazing speed towards the pale examiner.
Rather than defending against the spell, the examiner nimbly dodged the water sphere. Thinking back, I had realized that this was the first time watching a duel between two conjurers. This mock fight would be a good way to study the differences in fighting styles between long range conjurers and melee augmenters.
"BURST!" the freckled teen screamed while she swung her wand down. The condensed ball of water exploded just as it zipped past the examiner, filling the stadium in a cloud of dust.
The noble brat that was mocking the girl earlier was shaking his head in disdain.
"She's not bad," Jasmine mumbled beside me.
The small dust cloud that covered the instructor from view began clearing up to reveal that she wasn't there.
Suddenly, the examiner emerged up from the ground behind Diane, and her staff lightly thumped the top of the examinee's head.
"Eek!" Diane jumped forward in surprise.
"I must say, your control is quite decent, Miss Whitehall. You were a little overconfident in your last spell chain, not preparing any defensive measures, but overall, the efficiency in mana control and cast speed was good. C-class!"
Diane let out a sigh of relief. Being a C-class adventurer at her age was a feat she could be proud of.
"Next! Elijah Knight!" The Conjurer examiner announced.
"Here…" A couple rows away to my right, a boy that looked even younger than the blonde noble, stood up. He looked somewhat unapproachable, with short-trim jet-black hair that came down to cover half of his forehead. He had a very serious expression underneath his framed glasses that made him look more mature than his actual age. The boy wore a simple beige long-sleeve and black pants and didn't have any sort of weapons on him. I half-expected him to be an augmenter but the fact that the examiner didn't switch out meant otherwise.
Suddenly, a clerk that was keeping notes at the side ran up to the examiner and whispered something into her ear.
The pale-faced examiner's thin eyes widened before quickly regaining her composure.
"Elijah Knight, age ten. I have been just notified of your special status. As of now, you are a B-class adventurer."
B-class at his age and he didn't even need to get tested?
I could see looks of disbelief on everyone's faces. Even the augmenter examiner's face was in surprise as he craned his neck to get a better view of the boy in question.
The solemn boy merely made a small bow and sat back down without a word.
"Next! Lucas Wykes!" the examiner continued.
"Hmph! Guess it's finally my turn!" The blond-haired noble boy jumped up from his seated position and leisurely made his way down to the stage, staff in hand.
The examiner looked down at her notes but this time, her voice sounded evidently surprised. "Lucas Wykes, 11 years old. Conjurer at the…. light orange stage! Single specialization in fire."
What? He's already at the light orange stage? How is that even possible?
Without even bowing, Lucas leaned lazily against his staff.
"Let us begin," the examiner declared, obviously a bit vexed by the boy's lack of respect.
At her signal, Lucas immediately jumped back as he chanted a spell. "Arise, my protector!"
[Flame Guardian]
A pillar of fire erupted in front of him, fading to reveal a two-meter tall humanoid made of flames.
"Looks like we have a special little talent today. As expected of someone from the Wykes Family," the augmenter examiner whistled in awe.
The flame guardian sprinted towards the examiner, leaving smoldering footprints in its path as Lucas started to cast another spell.
So he does have some skill to back up his ego.
The female examiner was obviously a bit impressed but she responded skillfully with a wave of her grey staff and a few words to ignite her spell.
[Earth Tomb]
Three triangular planes of solid earth shot up from the ground, trapping the fire guardian inside a pyramid of rock.
It was a good response. The flame guardian would naturally disappear once it used up the limited amount of oxygen inside the tomb.
Lucas chortled in response, however, as he finished his chant. "Too late, Miss Examiner."
[Ember Wisps]
The ruby stone embedded on his staff shined a dazzling orange as a spark burst up in the air. The seemingly harmless spark exploded like a firework, separating into dozens of small, floating tendrils of fire. The tendrils remained afloat all around the stage, surrounding the both of them.
"The boy is good," Jasmine complimented, giving a rare sign of approval.
The examiner's face turned serious now.
I was a little confused on the purpose of those floating embers, but my question was soon answered.
"Expulsion!" Lucas raised his staff above his head as he continued dashing backwards.
Suddenly, the dozens of fire tendrils radiated a bright red before shooting out beams of fire at the examiner.
The examiner aimed her staff down at the ground below her as she calmly continued chanting. The surface around her glimmered a bright yellow as multiple pieces of earth began emerging from the ground.
[Stone Shard Field]
The glowing rocks darted into formation to block the lasers of flame. Only, it didn't just block the lasers, but redirected them towards Lucas.
"Release!" Lucas paled as he desperately yelled. The wisps in the air disappeared but the flames that were already shot out were still heading towards him.
Pointing his huge staff at the multiple trails of flames rapidly approaching him, he let out another spell.
[Fire Twister]
A cyclone of fire just large enough to surround him generated from the ground. The trails of flame got caught up in the vortex of the fire tornado, merging into it.
"Pierce," the examiner commanded with a fluid motion. The rock shards that had redirected the flames wobbled before they shot forward at the flame tornado Lucas was hiding within. The large shards of rock bulleted through the fire tornado, shredding it out of existence. The shards stopped just short of the angry but trembling Lucas, who was shielding himself with his staff held in front of him.
"How dare you! This preposterous lack of decency for a mere rank exam should be recorded and dealt with accordingly!" Lucas cried out with baleful eyes. His once creamy complexion were a few shades lighter as a layer of sweat covered his body.
"Calm yourself, Mr. Wykes. I have enough control to keep myself from skewering arrogant little children," the examiner calmly reassured, leaving Lucas to silently utter curses at the woman.
"Your control and creativity in the combinations of your spells are excellent. As long as you stay cautious and know your limits, you will have a great future ahead of you, Mr. Wykes. I think it is safe to say that you can be placed into B-class. Do you agree, George?" She turned to the augmenters' examiner.
He gave a simple shrug in response, indicating he had no problems with it.
Whatever wrongful actions Lucas had accused the examiner of seemed to have disappeared into thin air as Lucas, once again, wore a smug grin at the final outcome.
"Woah!"
"Another little monster!"
"Damn, I want to just go home!"
"What is with today's crowd?"
The few members of the audience all cried out and complained in envy, as some of the other audience members that have already taken the exam murmured excitedly amongst their peers.
"What did you blundering apes expect? Did you guys think I was on your level?" Lucas taunted aloud as he dusted off his robe.
He made his way back to his seat before the examiner, who wasn't even tired, switched places with the augmenter examiner named George.
The scarred man got up, stretching his body like a lazy cat. Casually high-fiving the other examiner as he walked past her, he stared at his notes.
"Next examinee, Note! Please come down!" he bellowed without looking up.
Jasmine placed a hand on my shoulder. "Good luck."
Giving a firm nod in response, I walked down the steps, leaving the worried Sylvie in Jasmine's care.
"It seems you're here to be tested under special conditions, seeing as there isn't any information here written about you. Okay! Let's see what you're made of." George regarded me with a curious stare, trying to look through my mask's eye slit to see who I was.
The examiner smoothly unsheathed his sword, as did I.
"Begin!" he announced while lunging at me. The thrust was aimed directly at my head, most likely intended to scare me.
Instead of dodging back or ducking, I faced the incoming tip of the sword and took a step forward, willing mana into my legs. Tilting my head just enough for the flat of the blade to graze harmlessly past my mask, I brought my sword up in one, swift motion.
George's sharp eyes widened by my counter as he desperately retracted in hopes to make it in time to block my swing, but the tip of my sword was already pressed against the man's throat. The examiner immediately stopped, afraid that any sudden movement and my blade might actually embed itself into his neck, regardless of mana reinforcement.
"Enough," a voice interrupted. "Stand down, George. I'll be the one to test this particular examinee."
Turning my head, I saw the thin, bespectacled man named Kaspian walking toward us from the corridor Jasmine and I had come in from.
"S-Sir? You will be personally examining this participant?" George backed away from my blade as casually as possible, but a bead of blood rolled down his neck.
"I apologize if this sounds presumptuous, but is there really a need for an AA-class to lower himself to test an examinee? I will be more than enough to assess this applicant!" he continued, quickly wiping the blood off with his hand.
Kaspian's gaze lowered to George's neck, silencing the examiner. The man, regardless of what he assumed was a simple blunder on his part, was visibly baffled by the fact that the head of this branch would be the one to test me.
It would be a lie to say I wasn't surprised as well. Someone classified as an AA-class adventurer was at a much higher level of strength compared to an A-class. As the class ranks increased, each jump was exponential, meaning that compared to D-class to C-class, the jump from A-class to AA-class was uncomparable. Being an AA-class adventurer signified that you had the strength of ten A-class adventurers, and that was just a rough estimate.
He should be on a whole other tier of strength compared to other humans. I was curious as to what stage his mana core was, but there was no way for me to see without him finding out.
"His sponsor has deep ties with me so I feel obligated to test him personally," he chuckled as his right hand reached towards a thin rapier on his waist.
Waving away George, the two of us stood at the center of the dirt arena.
"Let us begin."


Chapter 29: Changes In Dicathen

I held my shortsword just above my waist, ready to attack or defend. The array of sounds that filled the arena were soon drowned out as my focus centered solely on the man standing in front of me.
The man named Kaspian, the one in charge of the biggest Guild Halls, held the menacing rapier lightly with his right hand. He stood upright, making figure eights with the tip of his blade while letting out a little hum. Yet, he had no openings. The baleful pressure of his bloodlust was blatantly let loose as he dared to let out an innocent smile.
Memories of fighting inside the dueling arena in my previous world flashed to mind as the air grew tense between us. My focus sharpened to their limits. The only sounds that came through my ears were those made by Kaspian: his blade whistling in the air, the crinkled sounds of his thin clothes, and the controlled breaths he took. My body screamed to take caution against this man.
I could feel my hands tremble ever so slightly, not from apprehension, but from excitement. I didn't think I'd find an opponent of this caliber so soon. This battle wasn't to the death but I knew it would different from the spars I had with Grandpa Virion back in Elenoir.
"I knew from first glance that you would have to be assessed in a different manner. I hope you don't take this… special treatment to heart," Kaspian commented as he lowered his stance.
In that brief moment, I analyzed every piece of useful information that I could about this man. His reach was longer than mine by about a foot, while his stance indicated that he primarily relied on thrusts rather than swings. Just from the amount of mana I could sense swirling near him, it was safe to assume that he wouldn't make any careless mistakes.
"Please prepare yourself. I wouldn't want the person Miss Flamesworth sponsored to lose too quickly."
He sprang forward, leaving a trail of dust behind him as he closed the gap between us. In one fluid motion, he lunged his rapier like a coiled spring, using the momentum of his initial step.
I twisted my head to avoid the stab, but a few strands of my hair were cut off.
"Excellent dodge," he mused, retracting his rapier in preparation for his next attack.
Immediately following up with an angled lunge, I held up my scabbard. A sharp thud echoed throughout the arena from the clash and I was thrown off-balance. It seemed like I was still unable to use the full extent of my previous knowledge in swordsmanship with this undeveloped body.
I recovered from this setback by pivoting myself, using the momentum from his attack to whirl my lacking body to generate a powerful swing.
Kaspian leaned back just moments before my sword reached his head, but a thin red line appeared across the tip of his nose.
His thin eyes widened in surprise but he recovered instantly. I took advantage of that split second, bringing my sword back to produce a sharp, upward swipe at his unguarded legs.
My blade reflected the arena lights, producing a silver arc as it whizzed through the air.
However, my opponent was able to reposition his sword to defend against my swing. The sharp ring of metal on metal made both Kaspian and I cringe. The both of us seemed to have had the same intent as we both used the opportunity to gain distance. Only a handful of seconds passed during the deadly exchange, but each of us came out with only minor injuries. I switched my sword arm since the impact of our last blow produced a sharp vibration that made my right hand tremble.
The realization that I was still unaccustomed to fighting in this body was all too apparent as I coaxed my hand.
"I must apologize for underestimating you. I shall be a bit more serious now." Kaspian's voice was calm but his face expressed a certain degree of seriousness that wasn't there before.
His sharp eyes gleamed with a powerful killing intent that could only be present in someone who had years of fighting under his belt. His rapier was aimed toward me, but as he brought it closer toward him, the blade began glowing with a silvery hue.
"Ha!" Letting out a sharp breath, he thrust out his rapier, piercing the air in front of him.
The hairs on the back of my neck rose as my body screamed for me to run away. I instinctively pivoted myself away from where my opponent had lined his attack. A sharp pain burst from my shoulder as hot blood seeped into the sleeve of my robe...
"Seems like Miss Flamesworth has picked up someone worthwhile after all," Kaspian acknowledged.
As far as I was concerned, this wasn't some assessment anymore. Whether he had expected me to dodge or not, he had aimed for my heart.
Would I have been able to defeat him easily if I had the body of my past life? I wasn't sure. There were too many factors that played into this; the quality of our swords, the use of long range mana manipulation that didn't exist in my old world...
Taking a moment to charge his next attack, he let out two more consecutive thrusts, but I knew what to expect.
He was creating sharp bullets of wind, which were near-invisible. However, it didn't mean that they were impossible to dodge. By the timing of the thrust to when it had reached my arm from his previous attack, I was able to gauge the speed the spell travelled.
The spell travelled in a straight path based on the direction of his jab, so while the speed of the spell was frightening, there were holes to take advantage of.
I ducked underneath the first bullet of wind as it barely grazed my hair. I parried the second bullet with the flat of my blade, redirecting his spell away from me. Immediately after, I willed mana into my legs and dashed toward Kaspian.
I had to shorten the distance between us now that I knew he had a long range spell at his disposal, but I knew even in terms of melee combat, it would be a hard battle.
I had a body that was more than several inches shorter than what I had been used to when sword fighting and a much smaller pool of mana to utilize. So even with the assimilation of Sylvia's dragon will making my body tougher, I didn't have that much of an advantage against a veteran fighter with a body enhanced with mana.
The only advantage I had was the fact that Kaspian didn't know what I had up my sleeve.
Focusing mana into my free hand, I ran my fingers down the blade of my sword, imbuing it with fire. Approaching him, I swung down to release an arc of fiery red.
I could see the concentration on Kaspian's face as he willed more mana into his rapier until it, once again, glowed in a silvery white. He fanned away the flames with a powerful swing, leaving an ever-so-slight window for me to take advantage of.
Gathering mana into the sole of my left foot, I molded the spell to manifest into the proper form.
[Piston Stamp]
A succession of fiery explosion erupted underneath my foot, propelling me directly beside Kaspian.
"How—" was all he could manage. His mouth agape, his rapier was still held up from his defense against my previous attack that I had used as a feint.
My position wasn't optimal; I had launched myself a foot more than I had wanted to, but it was enough.
Without enough time to form a proper spell, I simply strengthened my body with mana as I thrust my sword forward.
However, even as the distance between my blade and Kaspian shortened, I could make out the words that the Guild Hall manager was chanting. "Gather and unleash!"
[Gale's Vortex]
I was barely able to rescind my attack and jump away as an intense swirl of airstream burst out from Kaspian, surrounding him in a protective twister.
The Guild Hall manager was hidden from view within the twister of wind and debris, allowing me some time to prepare for his next attack.
The spell was released to reveal Kaspian, sweating and panting, with his sword arm tucked closely to his side like a snake about to lash out; his left arm was stretched out—palms open—aimed directly at me .
He was obviously chanting as the blade of his rapier began glowing even brighter in silver.
"Pierce those who stand against me!" he roared as his rapier disappeared into a blur of countless thrusts.
[Skyfall Torrent]
This was just an exam, right? Was he actually trying to kill me?
"Screw this," I muttered to myself as I concentrated the last of my remaining mana deep into the sensory and motor neurons in my body.
[Thunderclap Impulse]
One of the few techniques I had managed to develop using knowledge from my previous world while training with Grandpa Virion. A technique that used liaghtning affinity mana to run currents of electricity throughout my nerves, quickening my reflexes to a superhuman extent. The average human had a reaction time of around 0.3 seconds, but there were trained fighters that could get it down to 0.2 or even 0.15 seconds.
Using Thunderclap Impulse, my reaction time was able to shorten to about 0.05 for a brief amount of time.
My pupils contracted as the hairs on my skin stood up on end due to the electric currents.
I could hear the sharp whispers of the air bullets shooting towards me as I readied myself to dodge them.
"Release!" Kaspian screamed.
The torrent of ar bullets suddenly dissipated, rendering his spell to a harmless draft of wind.
"I may have gotten a bit carried away with testing your limits," he apologized, sheathing his sword. The Guild Hall manager immediately turned away and headed toward the exit as I released my spell as well.
"From the fact that you were so adamantly withholding your full abilities until the end, I can only assume that you wish to be placed at a lower rank," he said, continuing his stride without turning his back. "Note. B-class."
"Just before disappearing into the passageway he had come from, Kaspian turned his head and looked me in the eye, one of the lenses on his glasses cracked. "I'm sure you have no problem with this?"
I merely nodded my head in agreement, watching him walk out of sight down the dark corridor.
"That was the last examination for today! Please go to the front desk to receive your adventurer's card. Everyone is dismissed!" the augmenter examiner shouted out as he and the other examiner both rushed after their boss.
KASPIAN BLADEHEART'S POV:
I arrived at my desk and before I even have the chance to take a seat, the two examiners in charge of today's placements bombarded me with questions.
"George, Emily, take a seat and don't talk all at once," I sighed, sinking heavily into my chair.
"Sir! What was with today's examinees?" George immediately shouted out. "Three B-class adventurers right off the bat in a day? This kind of situation is unheard of. Not to mention that two of them were kids! Light orange at the age of eleven... has that ever occurred amongst humans?"
Emily nodded fervidly in agreement.
"Do you remember what happened half a year ago here in Xyrus?" I asked.
"Around six months ago should've been the time when the first tournament amongst the three races took place, right?" Emily answered.
"Yes. The Adventurer Guild workers will all know soon, so there isn't much of a point in hiding this; I was just notified of this a couple of weeks ago as well. The ban on elves and dwarves becoming adventurers has been lifted and today's batch included some of the representative examinees." I pulled out a thin file from my desk drawer.
"S-Sir, do you mean to say that all three of them were either dwarves or elves?" George's eyes had widened to a frightening degree as he expressed his shock.
"Lucas Wykes is a half-elf that has been residing in the Kingdom of Sapin. The information on his birth is classified but if I had to guess, he was probably a product of an elf slave. The Wykes Family has always had a bad reputation for dabbling in nefarious ways to breed better mages for their house. He's an unusual case, though, being able to be so adept in flame affinity, despite his elf lineage. He awakened at the age of eight, which is fast, even amongst elf standards, and was sent here for a sort of trial run. The Wykes no doubt expended a lot of money into buying beast cores and other resources to quicken his growth." I flipped to the next page.
"Elijah Knight. He's quite the mystery. According to the file, his origin is unknown. He was, however, raised amongst dwarves at a young age. He was sent as one of the first representatives from the Kingdom of Darv to assimilate into the human kingdom."
"How come he wasn't tested, Sir? The clerk only told me to just put him into B-class," Emily asked, her voice higher than usual from excitement.
"Elijah awakened a few months ago, so he's only now barely reached the dark-red stage. As for why he was allowed to be a B-class adventurer, it probably has to do with the person backing him up. I don't have any say in his case, so we can only let him be. I'm curious as to what his abilities are, though." I shook my head, putting down his file.
"As for that masked augmenter from today, to be honest, I have no idea who he is. He wasn't recorded as any of the representatives on the list. I was simply curious as to what kind of person Miss Flamesworth would be willing to sponsor."
"Flamesworth…as in that Flamesworth House? The famous house that is known for birthing the strongest fire attribute mages?"
I put away the file and regarded them seriously, adjusting my glasses. "I told you all of this because you will find out soon anyway. However, I trust that you guys will refrain from telling others until the announcement is officially made across the country?"
With fervent nods from both of them, I dismissed my two employees.
I was left to ponder over today's events.
That masked augmenter. His techniques were not the standard skills that most fire attribute mages used. Even his style with the sword… it was something that made me shiver.
Regardless of all this, however, I couldn't help but get a sense that his movements were off somehow. Based on the movements that came off as awkward at times, it felt like he was somehow restrained, or even uncomfortable with his own body.
I dismissed my needless thoughts and began going over the pile of unread documents.
I couldn't help but grin to myself; this continent was changing. There would be a lot more interesting events happening from now on.
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
The same receptionist that had led us to the examination site handed me my bronze-colored adventurer's card at the front desk.
From E-class to B-class, the card was a copper color, while starting from A-class, it would change to silver, then gold for AA class, then white for S class.
"Do you have a close relationship with Kaspian, Jasmine?" I asked after putting away my card, Sylvie asleep on my head.
"He's an acquaintance of my father," she said simply with a cold chill to her voice.
I didn't dig for any further answers. She obviously didn't have any positive feelings regarding the man. Changing the subject, I asked my adventuring partner, "So what should we do next?"
She pondered for a bit.
There were several options. We could do missions that were at, or below, our ranks. These missions included a variety of tasks, from guarding to acquiring specific items. We could also transport ourselves to the Beast Glades and explore while hunting down mana beasts. Or...
"Dungeon-exploring," Jasmine answered, a faint smile forming on her face.


Chapter 30: Sword and Body

Sylvie let out an excited chirp at the idea of exploring a dungeon but I remained silent, staring at the two swords strapped to the back of my waist.
Today's battle with Kaspian confirmed a lot of things for me. I'd spent too much time adjusting to and learning this world's magic system. Assimilating with Sylvia's Beast Will, honing my Lightning and Ice Attribute techniques along with all of the other elements. I had been so engrossed in the fact that this world made it capable of actually producing physical manifestations of elements that I neglected my foundations, the very thing I was best at, which was physical combat.
In my past life, I had used the simplest techniques to utilize the most of my meager ki pool. With that and my sword, I had been able to rise to the top. Dicathen offered so many more possibilities but if I was to truly excel and become the best in this world, I was going to have to not only use my gifts in this life, but my experiences from my previous life.
In the midst of my thoughts, I felt someone bump past my shoulder. Looking up, I caught sight of the blond noble named Lucas strutting past me amongst his entourage of guards and servants.
"You're not bad for an augmenter, but that's all you are. Don't get cocky because we happen to be in the same class. Even in the same ranks there are levels, and you would be at the bottom. Know your place, commoner!" Lucas spat venomously. The blond boy let out a smirk while intentionally leaning his head back so he could look down on me. The fact that his height was a fair bit shorter than mine just made him look silly.
What cliché behavior for an annoying side character.
Not bothering to argue with him, I just faced back to Jasmine. "Let's go to the portal."
________________________________________
Crossing through the teleportation gate, my senses jolted from the scenery. The City of Xyrus had the most teleportation gates among the cities since they were the only way one could enter it, it being a floating city and all. The one we crossed led us directly to the front entrance of the area known as the Beast Glades.
The chirps of birds, occasional cries and roars of beasts, and the constant sound of water flowing filling the background all created an enticing symphony of nature. The sight of tall trees and numerous hills covered in various plants and shrubs made it hard to believe that this beautiful landscape was filled with magical beasts capable of killing even the strongest mages. However, because of abundances of natural resources on the outskirts, it was mostly only the lower rank beasts that inhabited this area.The deeper an adventurer traversed, the more mysterious and treacherous the landscape turned, filled with the lairs of powerful beasts that have amassed their treasures and power in the solitudes of unexplored regions in the Beast Glades.
I took a sip of the crisp air as Jasmine arrived behind me through the teleportation gate when, suddenly, Sylvie hopped off my head and scurried off.
"Wait, Sylv! Where are you going?" I called after her, dumbfounded.
Sylvie transmitted a vague response; I could feel her emotions of excitement as she sent out thoughts about her plans to train as well.
The fact that my bond had never left my side ever since she had hatched until now filled me with unease, but after realizing that I was able to sense her whereabouts, I calmed down.
"She'll be okay. Mana beasts have a natural instinct to grow stronger. She must've felt very suffocated being in a sheltered environment all of her life," Jasmine explained, walking next to me.
Putting her hand on my shoulder, she signaled for us to start moving. "There's a place I wish to visit first before going to a dungeon. We have to hurry though; it gets a little more dangerous at night."
Willing mana into her body, Jasmine bolted off into the distance, her wind attribute mana propelling her even faster.
I followed after her, forming two gales of wind below my feet as I dashed after her. I made sure to keep tabs on Sylvie but it wasn't much of a problem since both she and I were mentally linked. Even as the distance grew between us, the connection remained strong, and I was able to sense that Sylvie was catching small prey, her ecstatic mood affecting me as well.
The journey lasted a few hours and it began to grow dark. The only reason I had been able to keep up with Jasmine, even when she was at dark yellow stage, was thanks to the use of mana rotation throughout the way. This skill had become almost second nature to me now as I utilized it unconsciously whenever I exerted mana.
By late evening, we had cleared through a dense forest and arrived at a small clearing. Surrounded by trees, there was a small field of grass with a stream of clear water flowing through it.
"We'll camp out here for a few days," Jasmine announced as she set down her bag and took out a couple of items.
"Weren't we going to a dungeon right away?" I set down my bag as well.
She simply shook her head, picking up a few branches of wood and gathering them together.
I went into the forest, finding some decent-sized branches to make a fire with. After a bit, we had a fire crackling and popping in the middle of our camp. Making myself comfortable, I removed my mask and sat silently by her, next to the fire.
Trying to break the silence, I asked Jasmine, "What made you want to become an adventurer?"
"…"
Her gaze never left the fire and after a few minutes of more awkward silence, I just stared back at the flame, assuming she didn't want to answer.
"I wanted to get away from my family." I almost missed what she said from how quietly she spoke amidst the wood of the fire snapping fiercely.
"I see… were you on bad terms with your family?" I responded, my eyes focused on the fire.
"…"
"The Flamesworth House was a major contributor to the war against the elves. Our house has provided many powerful mages, both conjurers and augmenters. Our lineage in the fire attribute element was second to none. We took great pride in this, because fire is considered to be the most powerful of the elements," she stated monotonously.
Despite her short sentences, this had been the most Jasmine had talked in one sitting.
"But Jasmine, aren't you a…" I looked up at her as she nodded in response.
"Since early on, when I had first awakened and started training, my family tried to test my mana for fire affinity. I went through various tests so they could see how my mana was exerted and how it flowed through my mana channels." She took a pause and poked at the fire before continuing on. "When it was made clear that I had no aptitude for the fire attribute, my family regarded me as lesser."
"…"
I didn't know how to respond to her. For the first time, the always aloof and cold Jasmine seemed…vulnerable.
"I'm sorry for what happened…" was the only response I managed to utter.
Shaking her head, she gave me a faint smile. "The Twin Horns have treated me well and I don't dislike what I am."
I glanced at her palm as Jasmine formed a small swirl of wind, different emotions running through her face as she peered at her hand.
This world was a place of discrimination and classification. The hierarchical roots imbedded into this land would never truly disappear. Normal humans were considered second-rate people, while even amongst mages, augmenters were discriminated against by conjurers. It went further than that where, unless one was a deviant or a dual element specialist, some elements were considered "higher class" than others.
Being born from a family of powerful fire attribute mages, she was discarded as inferior because of the elemental attribute she had; something that most mages would kill to acquire. She was a dark yellow augmenter skilled in fighting and mana manipulation at the ripe age of 24. Many would consider her a genius but from the standards she grew up with, she considered herself lesser.
We placed more wood to last through the coldest parts of the night and laid out our sleeping bags a few feet away so we could still feel the heat.
Laying down, I pried into my mind to feel Sylvie's presence. She was a good distance away but I could tell she was safe. She sent me a thought of confirmation, saying not to worry and that I should stay safe as well.
Eyes closed, I waited to drift off when I heard Jasmine mumble something.
"…It's weird. When I talk to you, it doesn't feel like I'm talking to a child."
I didn't respond. Pretending to be asleep, I hoped she wouldn't push further for a reply.
_____________________________________________________________
"Good morning." Jasmine was up and cooking something over the fire by the time I had gotten up and out of my sleeping bag.
My stomach rumbled to remind me that I hadn't eaten since yesterday afternoon as I looked hungrily at the skewered fishes being grilled on the fire.
"Good morning! You should've woken me up, Jasmine. There's no need for you to do all of the chores on your own."
"…I tried waking you up... You wouldn't budge." Her half-closed eyes that give off an apathetic stare regarded me with concern. "If I didn't hear you breathing, I would've mistaken you for a corpse."
"Haha…" I let out an awkward chuckle. "I'm sorry, I really need to fix that."
After devouring the grilled fish for breakfast, we put out the fire. Using the nearby stream to wash myself and my clothes, I put on my mask and swords, assuming we'd go hunting for some mana beasts around the area, when Jasmine stopped me.
"Your opponent for these few days will be me."
"Huh?" I couldn't help but be surprised at the turn of events. We came all the way here to spar?
"This area is close to the dungeon we will be exploring, but for these days, I want you to focus on fighting me. I noticed that your fighting style seems… awkward at times. Like, you know it in your head, but your body doesn't listen to you… or something like that."
Unsheathing her two daggers, she pointed one at me, continuing, "We won't use any kind of mana for these next few days while sparring."
I hadn't expected Jasmine to catch on to what I had been worried about, but it was a good opportunity.
"Good idea," I replied, unsheathing my shortsword.
"Use your other sword…" Jasmine's eyes flickered toward Dawn's Ballad.
"How did you know this was a sword?" I wasn't planning on hiding my weapon from her but I was still caught off guard.
"Knowing you, that black stick should be something more than just a cane or a practice stick," she shrugged, walking a few steps closer to me.
Giving her a confirming nod, I tossed the shortsword near the campfire.
As the sword soundlessly glided out from its scabbard, the translucent blade glowed a light teal as it reflected the sun's strong rays.
Holding it out in front me, I positioned myself. "Ready when you are."
"Y-Yeah," Jasmine stuttered as her eyes remained glued to Dawn's Ballad.
We dulled the edges of our weapons using mana before beginning. Without mana strengthening my body, I realized just how much I had been neglecting myself. After a few swings, my arms felt heavy and my legs trembled as they pushed feebly off the ground.
This was my mistake. I knew of the limits that my juvenile body had, but instead of trying to fix my shortcomings, I chose only to mask it using mana.
While magic in this world was capable of many things, it should be only used as a supplement to your abilities, not a replacement to cover them.
I lunged out with a sharp thrust aimed at Jasmine's sternum. Even though our swords were coated to prevent fatal injuries, it would still leave bruises and even broken bones if taken lightly; this made the sparring experience much more intense and real.
Jasmine swung her two daggers down in an outward arc, parrying my lunge and knocking the blade of my sword into the ground.
I brought my rear foot forward to maintain balance as my teal blade sunk into the ground below her. However, by that time, Jasmine had already brought her daggers back into position to follow up with a quick, downward slash.
Prying out my sword, I immediately pivoted my body to the side to avoid the overhead slash. As her daggers grazed harmlessly past my loose shirt, I kicked her arm away and stepped away into a more comfortable distance.
My arms were burning from the quick, consecutive movements as I positioned my sword in a defensive stance.
"It's my win," Jasmine said, sheathing her two daggers deftly into their scabbards attached to her thighs.
"You're right," I laughed as I dropped Dawn's Ballad on the ground. We had sparred for a little less than five minutes but my arms and legs screamed in protest from overuse. Massaging my forearms, I picked my blade back up and slid it back into its black sheath.
The duel had ended with me with the upper hand, but I didn't have the strength to proceed. It was my loss.
"Hey Jasmine, I think I'm going to need more than a couple of days to work this out," I confessed with a chuckle.
Her lips curled up slightly as she nodded in agreement.
I had three years before I'd attend Xyrus Academy. During my time at school, I would have plenty of chances to focus on studying mana.
I knew what my priorities were at this time.
Making a rough calculation in my head, I held up two fingers. "Two years, Jasmine. I'll dedicate two years to getting my body truly adjusted to sword-fighting without relying on mana."
"That's it?" she said, surprised.
"Just watch," I smirked.


Chapter 31: Last Leg

****Dragonspine Inn****
INSIGNIFICANT ADVENTURER'S POV:
"Hey hey, did you hear about the rumor going on?" I asked as I put down my mug of beer.
A burly man sitting at the same table finished off his glass before slamming it on the table. "If you're talking about that famous masked swordsman, I say bullshit!"
From his flushed cheeks to his glazed eyes, it didn't take a genius to tell he was drunk.
"No, apparently it's true! An acquaintance of mine supposedly once teamed with him. He's traveling with Jasmine Flamesworth, so it's hard to miss him." A skinny lad with his hair tied in a bun came over to our table to join in on the gossip.
"So? What did your so called 'acquaintance' say about him?" The drunkard exclaimed, getting impatient.
"Well, they went together to explore a minor dungeon that had been cleared before. Apparently, he's pretty short! I think the rumors are true in that he's not a mage." The thin lad just shook his head in wonder.
"Bah! I call bullshit! It's either that masked swordsman is an augmenter, or the rumors are just exaggerated! Did you hear some of the stories going around about him? There was even one rumor that he solo-cleared a dungeon by himself! Is that even possible? B-class augmenters can't do that, even if it's a low-level dungeon, and you expect me to believe an ordinary swordsman can?" The drunkard waved his empty mug for a refill on his beer.
"Yeah man, I would take some of those rumors with a pinch of salt. That solo-clear rumor… didn't the guy also say that Jasmine Flamesworth went in with him? She probably helped him inside, right?" I took another sip, feeling a little lightheaded.
"Right, right? I'm telling you dunderheads, that swordsman is probably not even that strong! Half those rumors are probably rumors of Jasmine Flamesworth! That half-wit warrior dares to call himself a swordsman? Bring him here! I'll take him on any day!"
Things were getting loud as the burly drunk was getting more and more intoxicated. The hottest topic these days amongst adventurers were about the masked swordsman. Some stories had said that he was Jasmine Flamesworth's apprentice, but that was a little far-fetched. It was made known that he took a rank exam to place into B rank, which was already rare enough. More shocking than that, though, was he was now at A class! Moving a full rank up in two years' time?
I just shook my head as I pitied myself. Here I was, a borderline C-class adventurer. I had failed the exam to move up a class three times these past three years. Once you gathered enough merit points from going into dungeons and completing missions and quests, adventurers were allowed the chance to move up a class upon passing an exam.
The exam differed for each class, but supposedly, to go into the A rank, which was the first class considered 'elite.' the examinee had to fight two-on-one with two A-rank adventurers and last for ten minutes.
The weird thing was that when some of the rumors had reached the examinees that were there with the masked swordsman when he took his exam, they all said that he was an augmenter. The rumor got so big around him because everyone who had been on a dungeon exploration with him had said that he never used mana but was still a monster.
The burly man was sobering up a little now, and was just annoyed by the fact that a midget swordsman was supposedly better than him. He was a Veteran B-class augmenter after all; I could imagine that was a pretty big source of pride for him.
The squeaky door to the pub opened and I dropped the fork that was in my hand as I saw a figure entering.
"Well speak of the devil! The little midget swordsman everyone's hyped up about is here! Where's your little guardian?" The burly man got up from his seat with a snide grin on his face, cheeks still red.
The very same masked swordsman, the one responsible for all of the crazy rumors...he was here in the flesh!
I saw his blue eyes underneath the mask look up at the burly man with an unknown expression. He was wearing a simple black coat that came down to his mid-thigh, the hood on the coat covering up what the mask couldn't. If I were just passing by, even with a mask and two swords, I probably wouldn't have noticed anything particular about him, but when you looked carefully, he was an odd sight. The masked figure stood at about 1.6m, which wasn't that tall. He had a very slim figure underneath his coat, which either suggested he was a normal person, or a conjurer. Strapped behind him was a normal short sword on top and a sleek black stick on the bottom. I couldn't help wondering if he was actually a conjurer, and that was his staff.
After casting a glance at the drunkard that was calling him out, the masked man simply walked past him, uninterested, as if he wasn't worth the time.
"Hey bastard! Are you ignoring me? Just because you're a little famous for your bullshit rumors, you think you're better than me?" The drunkard hit his last straw as he unsheathed the giantsword from his back and held it above his head to swing down.
"C-Calm down! You know you're not allowed to kill someone in here!" I tried to quell the man, holding my arms up to stop his sword from swinging, but the masked man didn't even turn back and just kept walking towards the front counter.
This pissed off the drunk even more as he augmented his body and sword, which both emitted a silvery glow, pushed me aside, and swung down at the masked swordsman.
A thundering explosion resounded, and I stared in horror, imagining the bloody corpse that was probably cleaved in two from the force of that blow. However, contrary to what I expected, the sword had created a small crater next to the masked man, missing him by just a hair's breadth.
Whew… At least the drunk had enough sense to not kill the man; he probably just wanted to scare him.
I stood back up about to calm the burly man down from swinging again, but when I turned to him, I saw that his face was twisted into a shocked, seething expression.
"GRAAH!" He swung his sword again, lifting it out of the small depression he had made on the ground. The customers that were seated in the dining room of the inn were all staring now, some even cheering for gore.
With mana reinforcing the burly man's body and his greatsword, no matter how drunk he was; his power and speed were no joke. He attacked with a flurry of swings that obliterated the wooden seats and tables in the way but no matter how much he had attacked, his sword always missed. The man's sword was met with empty air as the masked swordsman dipped and swayed to avoid everything. The crazy part though was that he didn't take a single step from his position.
After about a minute-long barrage of attacks by the burly man and his greatsword, he was sweating profusely as his face wrinkled his frustration, but he was more cautious now as he took a step back.
"Is dodging the only thing you can do? I guess your guardian did all of the hard work for you while all you did was run away!" The man gave him a menacing smile, still confident that he could win against the masked man. He put both hands on the grip of his sword and swung again, this time, much faster than his previous attacks.
With a sharp clang, the burly drunk's greatsword that probably weighed more than the masked man himself was sent flying but I didn't know how. The sound made it seem like the sword had been met with metal from another sword but I couldn't see it. I didn't even see the masked swordsman pull out his weapon.
"Are you done?" the masked man asked.
"A-Aah…" was the only sound I heard from the drunk before we all dropped to the ground.
Suddenly, I felt like I was deep underwater. I couldn't breathe and the surrounding air seemed to want to crush me.
"…"
What was this?
I-I'm scared…
I'd heard that some elite fighters were able to produce a killing intent that could scare mana beasts away, but what the hell was this? Was there such a thing as a killing intent that could actually kill people?
Slowly turning my head to face the masked man who was obviously the source of this bloodthirst, I felt the blood drain from my face as I stared at him.
I couldn't tell what sort of expression he had under his mask but I didn't need to. There seemed to be this dark, baleful aura bursting out of him. I could've sworn it felt like that dark aura around him was alive and raging. The killing intent wasn't even focused on me but I had to will myself to keep from wetting my pants.
I witnessed, then, the sorry state that the drunk was in. His eyes were wide and his body stiff, as if he was petrified. He was muttering something and I could see tears streaming down his cheeks while the crotch area from his pants were a darker shade.
Suddenly, he retracted his bloodthirst and I could breathe again. I desperately took in deep gulps of air and ended up coughing. I could see the other adventurers and the workers of the inn doing the same, some in a worse state than I was.
The masked man turned back to the counter and faced the trembling waitress at the front desk as her face was a full three shades lighter than it was before.
"I believe there's a sack of rations under the name 'Note' that a friend of mine ordered not too long ago," the masked man spoke, his baritone voice clear and precise.
"Y-Yes! I'll get that for you right away!"
He gave a slight nod to the waitress as she handed him a sack of food, and he left as the whole inn just watched him go off, not daring to make a sound.
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
"What took so long?" Jasmine divided the food and put it into each of the pouches attached to the saddle of our horses.
"Ah, I had a little quarrel with one of the adventurers at the inn! Haha." I scratched my head as I hopped on my brown mount.
I could feel Jasmine staring at me suspiciously, her half-closed eyes imagining what sort of mischief I had created.
"Don't mind, don't mind! I didn't make a big deal out of it! I didn't even hurt the guy!" I just waved my hand, trying to persuade Jasmine from going back to Dragonspine Inn.
Jasmine just shook her head and mounted her horse as well, snapping at the reigns to go.
"Haap!" I did the same as we headed towards our destination.
As we traveled, I thought back to the last two years. Jasmine wanted me to get to A class as soon as possible to explore the dungeon we were heading towards today. Along the journey to raise my class, she'd ranked up as well, becoming an AA-class Adventurer. There was still quite a bit of a level difference between her and Kaspian but she did improve a lot during these two years. When we weren't on missions or exploring low-class dungeons, we were sparring. At night, I made sure to meditate for at least a few hours before I went to sleep. During these past two years, I broke through into the light orange stage, which I counted as a success considering how much time I had spent meditating.
No. The biggest improvement throughout this period was definitely my body. Not using mana made me take a step back and remember how to use my body and sword efficiently so I could be that much better when I augmented myself. I couldn't say I was at 100% in terms of strength, since the physical reach of my limbs and my muscles are not as developed as they had been when I was an adult, but I no longer felt awkward or restrained when I fought now. I fine-tuned some of my sword techniques to better fit my current body, which I'd need to improve along the way.
It was far from an easy ride, and I had scars on my body to prove it, but I knew it was worth it. Coupled with my dragon will-assimilated body and the use of mana rotation, I could finally be at ease in knowing that I was on the right track for the future.
Jasmine had gotten stronger than ever before, too. While journeying with her, I had noticed that her biggest flaw was in her swordsmanship. Growing up, only learning fire attribute skills for a little while until she was deemed unfit, she had been on her own in learning how to best control her swords to fit her wind attribute skills.
I wasn't the best at wind but that didn't mean I couldn't teach her a few tricks. She passed the AA class examination by utilizing the new skills I had taught her, along with her double-blade techniques that she had developed on her own. I wanted to take the AA class exam as well, but the merit point requirements made it so I would need to complete a lot more missions and clear many more dungeons before being eligible.
I sent out a mental transmission to Sylvie. She'd been acting strange ever since we had come to the Beast Glades. We would normally always keep in touch, but for some reason, she didn't want to come meet me yet, even when I had gone back to Xyrus to visit my family. Every time I told her to come back, she responded by saying there was something she needed to finish before coming back. Despite all of that, however, I could definitely tell how much she'd matured over the course of the years. We were now able to hold conversations and her emotions had developed to become much complex than before, sometimes to a fault.
While I went home a few times during the first year, since last year, it'd taken too long to make the trip back to Xyrus and come back to the dungeons. Instead, we stuck to letters and meeting my parents every so often at Guild Hall, where the transportation gates were. My mother had been pretty dissatisfied by this fact but she understood to a certain extent. I could tell my father had been keeping up with his training because he had broken through into the solid orange stage now, which was impressive for someone his age. I could still recall the goofy grin he had plastered on his face as he made sure to point out who I had gotten my impressive talent in mana from.
They'd also told me a lot about what was happening at the Helstea House. My sister was still quite a bit away from forming her mana core, but I was surprised when I had learned that Lilia awakened a couple of weeks ago. Her awakening caused her bed to implode, which was about average for a mage. Her parents were ecstatic by this to say the least, and didn't wait to enroll her into Xyrus Academy. After being tested, while her mana core had been measured to be about average, it turned out the efficiency of her mana veins were excellent. She had a high capacity to absorb mana from her surroundings, which was essential for all conjurers. The fact that Lilia would be my senior at school when I started going next year was amusing.
"We're here," Jasmine announced, snapping me out of my thoughts. At her signal, the two of us brought our horses to a slow trot into a small clearing in the woods.
The clearing that was surrounded by tall trees, and where the dungeon entrance was located, was littered with a group of adventurers clearing their camp, some checking their weapons as they got ready to go in.
"I guess we're stuck with more augmenters," an all-too-familiar voice rang as he clicked his tongue. Getting off of my mount, I made my way towards the group of adventurers when the blond fire conjurer from the examination site shot me a distasteful look. Jasmine followed behind me as an armored augmenter stepped forth and held out his hand in front of him, gesturing for a shake.
"Please don't mind Lucas and let me introduce you to the party. My name is Reginald Brooks, and I'm an A-class augmenter. I am an earth attribute yellow stage core that specializes in using a hammer." He pointed at the giant warhammer lying on the ground where the group stood.
Studying Reginald, the man had short, messy brown hair that matched his eyes. His square jaw that was covered in a thick beard, coupled with his near-two-meter height and broad shoulders made for a very intimidating man.
The augmenters in the group, excluding Jasmine and me, consisted of Reginald, Kriol, and Brald. Kriol was a very defensive, water attribute augmenter that only wielded a gigantic shield as his weapon. He was a head shorter than Reginald with a large belly that indicated the man loved his beer by the barrel. I could tell he was strong, though, by how firm his body was overall, despite his belly that squeezed out of his armor.
Brald was a very noble-looking man that stood just a bit shorter than Reginald. He wore a white, metal armor that covered his shoulders and chest only, with a luxurious mantle flowing behind him. With trimmed blond hair and sharp, hazel eyes, he seemed like a real lady-killer. To my surprise, he was a real gentleman and offered us handshakes and a rather innocent smile.
"I go by Brald and just became an AA-class, light yellow stage augmenter. I am a fire attribute augmenter that specializes in the broadsword and shield. I'll be the one to lead us today." He beamed, shying away after meeting eyes with Jasmine.
After the augmenters introduced themselves, the conjurers stepped up. Including Lucas, there were four other conjurers. One of them was a lanky man and the other, a girl, while the last one was the serious-looking, bespectacled black-haired boy that I had seen at the examination site.
What was his name again…?
"My name is Elijah Knight. A-class, dark orange stage conjurer… single specialization in Earth," he said tersely.
I couldn't help but eye him carefully. There had to be more than that. He wouldn't be able to get by with skipping the exam and being placed into B rank by just being an earth conjurer, no matter how young he was.
The beady-eyed lanky man that looked well into his thirties came forth next. He had a smug look on his face despite his less than attractive appearance, with his crooked nose and greasy brown hair parted down the middle. "Ahem! I go by Oliver and I am an A-class, dark yellow stage conjurer. I am an emitter deviant, specializing in healing." He stuck his jaw out smugly as he crossed his arms in content.
Despite his attitude, it was reassuring to have a healer in the party.
"Hi! My name is Samantha but you guys can just call me Sammy! Dark yellow stage, A-class conjurer with a single specialization in water at your service!" She threw in a wink in my direction. Samantha looked to be around her mid-twenties and was an attractive woman but by her attitude, I'm sure she was aware. She had wavy blond hair that flowed down her shoulders and light blue eyes that looked almost grey. Her eyes were big and round; making her look deceivingly innocent, and her petite height complimented that fact well. The girl constantly swayed her hips as she switched the leg she was putting her weight on, attracting sideway glances from the men nearby; Oliver was especially engrossed.
"Jasmine, light-yellow stage, AA-class augmenter. Wind attribute with dual swords," my partner said without batting an eye.
"Note, light orange stage, A-class augmenter. Fire attribute with specialization in sword," I added impatiently.
Brald smiled at us, "Welcome, you two! I'm certainly glad to have another AA class in the group!" The other two augmenters nodded in agreement while Oliver and Lucas's apathetic faces showed they didn't care. When asked for an introduction by Brald, Lucas practically spat out that he was a fire-specialized conjurer who was at dark yellow stage. Through all of this, Elijah kept his stone face while I was already beginning to grow annoyed by the constant glances Samantha shot at me, trying to look through the mask somehow.
"I can't help but ask. Mr. Note, there have been various rumors about you saying that you are not an augmenter, yet you clearly just announced that you are," Reginald queried, picking up his giant hammer and holding it up on his shoulder.
"I haven't been using my magic for a while due to personal reasons. That must've been the reason why those rumors came up." I just shrugged without breaking stride.
Noticing that I didn't want to indulge their curiosity, he coughed uncomfortably and set up the formation for the party.
It would basically be Brald in the front, since his shield and sword style was the best fit for the front line. Beside him were Reginald and I, who both specialized in offense. Guarding the rear was Kriol with his gigantic shield to prevent us from getting flanked and Jasmine beside him, ready to kill anything that may get past him. We were all in charge of protecting the four conjurers with Oliver in the dead center, the most protected, since he was our healer.
"We should head out immediately," Brald declared. He assumed the position as the leader since he was the front line and the only other AA class besides the quiet Jasmine.
This dungeon was deemed AA class, meaning parties with only A class and above were allowed to enter. Brald recently found out that there was a hidden tunnel that led to an unexplored portion of the dungeon, which we would be going into today; this meant that most of our dungeon-exploring would be through uncharted areas. Everyone unsheathed their weapons while even the conjurers wiped their smug expressions as we stepped into the dungeon named by the first explorers: "The Dire Tombs."


Chapter 32: Dire Tombs

Stepping into the dungeon, I felt the temperature suddenly drop as we descended down a gradual slope. I stood adjacent to Brald, who had his shield up and his sword drawn.
Jasmine and I did some research on the Dire Tombs dungeon we were in now. It was a unique place, even amongst the mysterious dungeons. The beasts that made their homes here had been described in the records as "undead." I'd never heard of mana beasts that could come back to life. Because of this, one of the hardest aspects of clearing this dungeon seemed to be the endless amount of undead mana beasts.
Digging deeper, some adventurers and mage guilds even speculated that inside the bottom of this dungeon might be a special artifact that was able to reanimate dead mana beasts, but no one had been able to prove it.
Clearing the dungeon meant that the area had to be explored. It was different from conquering the dungeon, where the mana beasts inside had been defeated and the treasures looted.
This dungeon had been cleared—or at least it was, until Brald had discovered the hidden passage—but never defeated.
"We're approaching the first level of the dungeon, stay on guard. The mana beasts here aren't strong, but there'll be a lot of them. Don't waste your time trying to collect the mana cores from the beasts…they don't have one," Brald declared, lowering his stance.
I heard a faint muttering from Oliver, our healer, who was already beginning to complain about the lack of rewards from this dungeon.
While the goal of defeating a dungeon was usually to loot the accumulated treasures high-level mana beasts had amassed through their lives, most of the profit usually came from collecting the beast cores on the way down. In most cases, even if parties couldn't defeat or even clear a dungeon, they were still able to come out with a hefty sum from just the beast cores, which could be sold for a high price depending on their level.
One of the reasons this dungeon had been unpopular, and why our party was the only one inside the dungeon was because the mana beasts here had no cores. This meant a big chunk of revenue from trying to clear the dungeon would be gone.
Suddenly, a steady growl filled the dungeon hall.
Narrowing my eyes, I focused on the source of the sound. We had just reached the end of the descending passage and into an underground cave no larger than fifty meters in diameter. Looking around, the whole cave was glowing in a dim, blue color. Above us, the cave was covered in stalactites, threatening us with their sharp, gleaming tips.
Out from the spaces between the stalactites fell two dozen mana beasts that looked like large bats, except with four limbs replacing what normally would've been wings. The hollow body of the bat-like mana beasts had their ribs fully visible and inside it, where the beast core should've been, was a cracked rock.
I guess it was true.
"Batrunners! They're not strong but they attack in groups. Minimizing the use of our mana is going to be the key inside this dungeon! Get ready!" Brald roared over the growling of the batrunners, all of whom were positioned to pounce, their patches of fur standing on end and their teeth bared.
"Form and torment the foes around! Fire Cyclone!" I heard a yell from behind me and I realized it was Lucas who had casted the spell.
Suddenly, four twisters of fire swirled to life around us, filling the cavern with a wave of heat.
As the fiery cyclones spread out, sharp yelps and pained whimpers echoed from the mana beasts.
Many of the batrunners had been engulfed by the fire tornadoes and were charred to ashes. The ones that were fortunate enough to escape the tornadoes had fled, trying to circle around and attack us.
I could hear Brald click his tongue, dissatisfied that Lucas had just ignored his orders and casted a spell that wasn't necessary.
The fire cyclones had killed most of the batrunners and the ones left had been badly burned, making it easy to defeat the rest.
"Next time, follow orders and don't waste mana like that. Your spell was overkill," Brald growled over his shoulder before marching ahead.
Lucas just rolled his eyes, "I don't see the problem. We killed them fast enough so that everyone else could save their mana."
Shaking his head, Brald ushered us forward to the other end of the cave. As we continued forward to the location of the next room, the rather sickening sound of bones crunching and flesh gurgling made us all turn our heads back.
To my surprise and disgust, the batrunners that had just been killed began to reanimate, their bodies snapping into place as the ones that had been burned just seemed to rise up again from their ashes.
Dire Tombs…What an unfortunately fitting name for this dungeon.
We chose to ignore them and advanced into the next room while Elijah quietly casted an earthen wall over the entrance so that the batrunners couldn't follow us.
The opening on the other side of the cave led us through another dark corridor just wide enough for four people to go through at once.
I could tell everyone was a bit more relaxed upon leaving the first cave but I couldn't shake an uneasy feeling.
As if to answer me, a barely-discernable click and faint whistle caught my attention.
I immediately drew my sword and sidestepped in front of Samantha.
My shortsword blurred as I instinctively parried the projectiles aimed towards Samantha, the sharp ring of metal on metal echoing through the dim corridor.
"Th-Thank you..." Samantha muttered mindlessly. Even under the dim blue lighting, I could tell that her face had paled as the metal spikes that almost killed her landed on the ground, harmlessly, beside her feet.
"Something's wrong…there were no traps last time." Brald picked up one of the pointed spikes to study it but was baffled.
"I don't think they were traps but strategically placed mana beasts, which doesn't make the situation better," I said, noticing the faint scuttle of the small beasts on the walls.
"Stay alert, everyone," Brald said, kicking the spikes to the side. Jasmine already had her twin daggers guarding her vitals before Reginald and Kriol readied their weapons. Samantha inched a bit closer to me, her hand pinching my sleeve as her free hand gripped tightly at her wand.
Fortunately, we reached the end of the hall with no other traps deterring us. The next cave was similar to the previous cave, but twice the size and littered with suspicious holes all over the ground.
"Don't get near the holes. They're geysers that shoot extremely hot streams of gas up. It should be fine as long as you're not in direct proximity of the blast," Brald announced as we all looked for any signs of mana beasts.
As if on cue, the cave trembled, shaking the sharp stalactites overhead to a nerve-wracking degree. Forcing my attention from the wobbling spikes, a large figure erupting from the ground.
"Was that here last time, Brald?" the pot-bellied Kriol asked in a worrying tone as we all peered up at the mana beast.
The creature resembled a worm, except it was thick enough to easily swallow any one of us here, whole. With a glowing red hide and countless rows of teeth encircling the hole that I assumed was the mouth, it was impossible to guess how long this creature was since its body was still mostly underground.
"N-No, it wasn't—I don't get what's happening. It doesn't make sense for new mana beast species to enter a dungeon like this." Our handsome leader had a wavering look, his mask of confidence all but gone.
"Cheh. It's not a big deal. It's just an oversized insect," Lucas quipped from behind.
We braced ourselves for its strike, but to our surprise, the gigantic red worm didn't attack us. Instead, the beast burrowed back underground, leaving in its path another gaping hole.
"It doesn't seem to be after us," muttered Elijah while his sharp, bespectacled eyes studied the hole the giant worm had left.
The red worm-beast was now burrowing itself into the walls of the cave, creating more holes from all different angles, but it never confronted us.
"Are we just going to stand around watching the worm dig or are we going to go?" Oliver, our lanky emitter, shoved Brald out of the way, fearlessly taking the lead as he strode towards the other end of the cave.
It was obvious not just to me, but to everyone else that Oliver's brazen attitude was to show off in front of a certain party member.
"Get back here! We need to assess what's happening before we go across!" Brald barked, his face furrowed in agitation at the arrogance displayed by the conjurers. As our leader stepped forward to go after him, a thundering rumble shook as the entire cavern fizzed with the sound of a boiling kettle.
"Lucas! Heatwave Barrier, now!" I roared at the confused, blonde noble.
Just as I yelled out the command, fumes began filling the cavern.
The holes. The holes that were here since the beginning and the holes littered across the ground, roof, and walls made by the giant worm all trembled before released a fiery torrent of deadly gas.
"Damn it," I cursed. The giant worm was making the holes in order to kill us, and we just let it happen.
I managed to pull Brald, who was just at arm's length of me, back in before he had the chance to run after Oliver.
Just as the barrier was erected, a blast of a mustard-yellow gas bombarded us. Lucas's barrier trembled against the pressure but Samantha managed to gather her wits in time to help him out with a water barrier of her own just beneath Lucas's.
The two barriers of opposing elements sizzled, making the area inside the spell a makeshift sauna. Despite the crude teamwork, however, the barrier held, leaving us sweating but intact, until the blast of gas began to subside.
However, due to the strength of the gaseous blasts that filled the cavern, I lost sight of our idiot healer.
As both Lucas and Samantha released their barriers with stifled breaths, the horrid scene came into view.
The only thing left of Oliver was bones, as blood and pieces of flesh still stuck to parts of his charred skeleton. All of his possessions had been completely destroyed by the acidic gas except for the bright-emerald gem that was once embedded at the tip of his staff.
"Shit!" Brald cursed, gnashing his teeth as Samantha stumbled backward from the ghastly sight.
Oliver didn't mean much to us as a person but he was our healer. That idiot ran off, not even casting a protection spell on himself.
"Let's move out!" I ordered as everyone remained silent. I went ahead and picked up the gem, studying it before comparing it to the gem that Lucas and Samantha had on their weapons.
The gem embedded on Lucas's staff was of much higher quality than the gem Oliver had. However, there were apparent flaws on the sapphire gem fashioned to the tip of Samantha's wand, so I tossed the emerald stone to her, telling her to replace it with his gem.
"Note is right, we need to move before another eruption occurs. That giant worm beast is making more holes. I don't think our barriers will hold for another wave," our leader stated as he stepped in charge once more.
I glanced back at Jasmine who just solemnly nodded at me. Even if her face remained expressionless, her knuckles were white from clutching too tightly to her daggers; it wasn't just me that was frustrated by the turn of events.
We were halfway through the cave when Elijah, who was behind me, asked, "How did you know that the cave was going to explode with steam like that?" Everyone's eyes shifted toward me, waiting for my answer.
"I didn't," I replied without turning back. "I knew that something was about to happen, but even I didn't know exactly what."
The giant worm that had been constantly burrowing in and out of the cave, creating more holes, suddenly stopped in front of us, blocking the exit. Without warning, it whipped its head forward and smashed at the ground we were standing on.
Kriol, who was positioned at the back, lunged forward and, with surprising harmony with Samantha, created a water barrier that cushioned the blow before they were sent tumbling back. However, this gave enough time for Elijah to erect a large ring of rock to erupt, cuffing the worm to the ground.
"Impact Blast!" Reginald bellowed as his giant hammer glowed a bright yellow. Jumping up, he spun his body, creating momentum before smashing his hammer directly at the worm's head.
With a deafening explosion, the worm's whole body shook as Reginald's mana-infused attack sent a shockwave to the beast's body, creating ripples on its red hide.
However, the attack did little but destroy the earthen binding that Elijah had conjured, freeing the giant worm. The giant mana beast flailed its body, knocking away Reginald and Brald, who was also nearby.
I managed to pull Elijah out of harm's way before charging at the beast myself. The giant worm shivered, then unleashed a shower of acid spittle at me.
I drowned out the panicked yells of my comrades, telling me to run away, as I advanced toward the worm. I dipped and weaved my body, sidestepping the deadly globs of yellow saliva that landed inches away from my body.
Once I was close enough, I drew my shortsword, willing flames to surround the blade as I activated mana rotation.
"Sear," I muttered under my breath.
The flames that surrounded my blade wisped away, leaving the metal glowing a fiery-red.
I swung my red blade at an incoming blob, scattering it away with the flat of my blade. The beast's acid spit scattered, some of it burning through my clothes but leaving me otherwise unharmed.
Making one last lunge, I tore through the underside of the worm, welding the wound as my blade burned through the flesh.
The worm let out a shrill screech as it began flailing wildly. Jasmine followed up and jumped over me as she stabbed her two daggers into the smoldering gash that I had just created.
With another shriek, the giant worm escaped back into the hole it had emerged from.
"The oversized worm wasn't even strong." Lucas just shook his head, disappointed, when all of a sudden, we heard another rumble.
I was afraid of this; the worm wasn't trying to kill us—it was trying to delay us in time for another eruption from the holes.
The familiar howl of a boiling kettle once again reverberated throughout the cavern.
I whipped my head to Lucas but just from a single glance, I knew he couldn't erect his barrier in time as he stared blankly at the walls.
Muttering the incantation, I leaped toward the blonde brat.
[Phoenix's Cape]
A surge of a dark-red fire surrounded my body, protecting me and Lucas against the deadly gas. I looked back in relief to see that Jasmine had erected a swirling aura of wind around her that dissipated the torrent of acid steam.
As the howl of gas quieted and the room cleared, my team started coming back into view, one by one.
Kriold came into view first; he had managed to protect Elijah under his gigantic shield augmented with water. Both of them had red sores on their bodies and some on their faces but they were relatively uninjured.
Brald appeared on the ground, his right arm clutching his other arm that I couldn't quite see. Upon closer look, I couldn't help but curse aloud. It seemed like Brald only augmented his shield in flames instead of his whole body to protect Samantha because his sword arm was obliterated from the elbow down. Reginald looked a bit worse than Kriold and Elijah, but Brald was by far in the worst shape.
Our leader's sword was on the ground as his stump of an arm had been burned black at the end.
"Let's go!" Brald yelled through gritted teeth. He slung the shield on his back and picked up the sword with his remaining hand.
We immediately made a break for the exit to arrive in another dim hallway, much wider than the last one.
Everyone remained silent as we tried to gather our breaths. Samantha had ripped out a part of her robe and was fashioning a bandage for what was left of Brald's right arm. Kriol slumped against his shield as Reginald and Jasmine sat upright against the rock walls.
Looking around, everyone's faces had sunken. We weren't even halfway through the dungeon but had already incurred such damages, with our healer dead and our leader critically injured.
"This is why I said to stay alert, Lucas! If you had stayed focused and reacted in time to set up a barrier, we wouldn't be in this state—I wouldn't be in this state!" Brald lashed out venomously but with good reason. His career as an adventurer was probably gone after this. He'd most likely be demoted from his class once the guild found out about his crippling injury.
"Don't blame me! It was your fault you couldn't protect yourself in time!" he spat back, standing up.
"Are you fucking kidding me? Note had to save your ass! You didn't do shit and you're saying it's my fault?" Brald snarled, picking up his sword.
"Enough!" I roared, instilling mana into my voice.The large corridor echoed with my voice, as both Brald and Lucas immediately snapped their mouths shut in surprise.
"There are a couple of choices we need to make. Reginald's body is a bit burnt. I don't think it's that bad but Brald, you need to make the choice of whether you want to continue or not. We're only a bit more than an hour from the surface so you can probably make it back up by yourself," I stated, staring at our leader through the slits of my mask.
"I'll keep going. This will probably be my last dungeon raid so I might as well make it last," he grumbled, cradling his right stump.
I turned my gaze to the noble boy who had his chin held high and proud as if he'd done nothing wrong. "Lucas, get your act together. It doesn't matter whether you're a dark-yellow core or God himself. Right now, the only thing you are is a liability. If you're going to continue acting out on your own, you might as well just go on by yourself."
He glared back at me with a baleful look but kept to himself, whipping his head away from the group.
"Samantha and Elijah. We need you guys to stay focused and alert to set up a barrier at a moment's notice," I continued, getting a nod of affirmation from the two of them.
"Let's get a couple hours of rest before we continue on." I sat down next to Jasmine, taking out a sack of water from my bag.
The group remained silent as my gaze kept turning to Brald. Through the hours that some of us had used to sleep, our leader had been reduced to a state of dread and angst.
Suddenly, Brald got up from where he was seated and walked over to me. "I think you should take charge of the group."
Looking up at him for a moment, I studied the lifeless eyes of our leader. "Okay."
After a few hours, we got up with our mana somewhat replenished and continued marching down. This hall wasn't as long as the previous ones but at the end of the hall was a large, double door with unfamiliar runes etched all over it.
"I-I don't get it. Even this part is different. There was never a door here," Brald groaned, shaking his head.
"The only thing that was the same was the first cave, where the batrunners had been," he continued, analyzing the runes. He tried to touch it but with his dominant hand gone, he just swung his stub hollowly at the air. After he realized what he was doing, he cursed aloud and walked to the back.
"Well, no use complaining about it now," Reginald shrugged, lifting up his hammer. "I don't know what those runes or symbols are but there are cracks all over them. I doubt they'll do much now," he said as he swung his hammer.
The impact his silver hammer made against the old, metal doors created a shower of sparks as a deep thud boomed.
Reginald was visibly shocked by the sturdiness of the door as it lay intact.
"Impact Blast!" The door shuddered this time, but stayed firm.
"Impact Blast!" The blow this time was harder and the door clicked before opening just a little. Stepping forward, Reginald gripped at the slight opening and pried the doors open.
I couldn't see what was on the other side, but the burly augmenter took a step back as he muttered, "What in the…"


Chapter 33: Dire Tombs II

On the other side of the large doors was a beautiful meadow that stretched out far beyond my view. As we all peered agape at the brightly lit field of grass that glittered like polished emeralds, for a moment, the fact that we were underground seemed like a dream.
"Let me guess, this field wasn't here last time either," Reginald muttered as his eyes stayed glued to the enrapturing scenery in front of him.
Brald let out a sharp breath as he continued to stare at the field. "N-No, nothing of the sort."
After mumbling something indiscernible, Reginald let out a sigh of resignation and stepped through the door. The rest of us just exchanged hesitant glances before following after the hammer-wielding augmenter.
Stepping into the meadow, I studied the large area. I almost thought that we had stepped through some teleportation gate out of the Dire Tombs until I looked up to see the rows of stalactites high up on the ceiling. The deposits of calcium that littered the ceiling of this cave glowed brightly, to the point where I had to squint to make out any details.
What I found suspicious, though, was the very fact that a space like this could exist underground. There were no pillars visible and this area stretched for at least a few hundred meters in all directions. With such an extensive open field with no supports holding it up, I was surprised that this place hadn't been buried in rocks.
"Wow! It's so pretty!" Samantha gasped, her head constantly turning to take in the view.
Tall trees and bushels of shrubs dotted the field. Even I couldn't help wanting to just lay down and relax here but ever since we walked through the door, the hairs on my body had been standing on end, as if my body wanted me to stay alert.
Everyone's guards seemed to be down except for Jasmine and Elijah, whose eyes kept darting around as if searching for anything suspicious.
"Something's off. Keep your guards up, everyone." I remained vigilant with my shortsword out and my left hand on the grip of Dawn's Ballad, which was still sheathed.
"Are you sure? I don't even hear anything, let alone see much besides the grass and trees," Kriol asked dubiously. I could tell he was a bit doubtful but he followed my advice and raised his shield.
I continued examining our surroundings to see what was making me feel so tense. The light that radiated from the stalactites glowed much brighter than the ones from the previous caves. There was also a thin veil of haze layered over the meadow but that was it. There was literally nothing else besides the plants and this mist.
What am I missing?
However, soon enough, the mist around us began to gradually grow more dense, eventually thick enough so that I could only make out the shapes of everyone around me.
Suddenly, a deep thud broke through the silence hovering around the mist.
"Clara? Is that you? H-How are you alive?"
I whipped my head to the direction of the voice in time to see that Kriol had dropped his gigantic shield and was holding his arms out, reaching desperately at something in the distance.
"I knew you couldn't be dead, Clara! Stay there! I'm coming to get you!" Kriol bolted off, leaving his shield behind him.
"Damn it, Kriol! Stop, it's dangerous!" I cursed, trying to warn him, but his figure faded out of sight within the ever-growing layer of fog.
All of a sudden, something grabbed ahold of my arm and jerked me.
"I think the mist is an illusion." I heard Jasmine's voice right next to me, but even with how close she was, it was becoming hard to make out details inside the haze.
"I thought so too." I clicked my tongue in frustration. "Everyone! Stick together! This mist is playing tricks on your senses. Samantha, barrier!"
Eventually, they were able to gather, using the sound of my voice as their destination. Huddling together, we discussed our plans for clearing through this cavern inside a sphere of water.
"Who's Clara?" Samantha asked, confusion evident on her face.
Reginald shook his head. "It...It's Kriol's fiancée. But it's impossible for her to be alive. I saw her get killed in a dungeon with my own two eyes. We even cremated and buried her ashes together!"
It was obvious that Reginald and Brald were both shaken up. The three had partied before numerous times, so the name Clara wasn't news to them, and hearing Kriol go after his dead fiancée wasn't exactly the best of news either.
"What the hell is going on?" Lucas cursed under his breath. His knuckles were white from how hard he was gripping his staff, and it looked like he was doing all he could to keep his wits together.
"Jasmine. Do you have a spell that can create a wind strong enough to clear this mist around us?" I turned my head to my partner, hoping she could give me some good news. We didn't have any wind attribute conjurers here besides her.
She answered, lowering her gaze. "Not strong enough to clear it all away, but I can make a path."
We gave her space inside the barrier of water as she began preparing her spell. Soft gusts that glowed a greenish hue began swirling around her, gathering around her hands. Her straight black hair lashed wildly around her as the swirls of wind circled her arms, growing larger.
While an augmenter's biggest disadvantage compared to their counterparts was the limited range of their spells, after a certain level, augmenters were able to store and exert enough mana to use ranged techniques. Of course, the power and efficiency at this stage would be vastly inferior to a conjurer of the same level, but even the fact that she had enough control over her mana to do this showed talent.
The mist around us grew thicker, limiting our field of vision to about a meter away from us. The once peaceful field of grass now emanated an ominous pressure, almost as if this mist wanted to swallow us alive.
"Clear my enemies from my path with an ever-raging howl," Jasmine chanted, struggling to keep the frenzied wind in tow.
[Storm's Gale]
The condensed whirlwinds swirling around Jasmine's arms collided as she clapped her hands together. The impact of the two tornadoes expanded and burst forward, shredding the mist into a clear path in front of us.
However, the once excited looks on everyone's faces turned pale at the sight before us. The tornado revealed a path, but also uncovered something else.
Tentacles of vines and branches were quickly making their way towards us.
"Enough of this!" Lucas pushed Jasmine aside and swung his tall staff at the wave of vines advancing towards us and muttered a spell.
"Crescent Ember!" he shouted, lashing his staff. The bright flame that glowed on the tip of the staff expanded, shooting a large blade of fire.
With a fiery explosion, the slithering vines and branches flinched back, but other than a scorched impression where the spell had hit, they were unaffected.
"Shit! What kind of trees aren't afraid of fire?" Brald hissed as he ignited his broadsword into a fiery tornado and charged into the wave of vines that were approaching rapidly.
"Samantha! Elijah! Lucas! Support us!" I barked, willing mana into my body and sword as well.
Jasmine rushed next to me, both daggers unsheathed and glowing brightly. The spell she had used to clear a path had drained a lot of her mana, but it didn't do much as the mist had already filled the path the tornado spell had created.
Reginald stayed behind to protect our Conjurers as they casted spells.
Brald let out an unintelligible battle roar as he continued mindlessly hacking away at the endless wave of vines that seemed to manifest out of nowhere.
The vines, however, were regenerating faster than Brald was cutting them as the one-armed adventurer was getting buried deeper and deeper inside the torrent of vines.
"Fool," I cursed under my breath. Whether he had just gone reckless or he wanted to die here in battle, I couldn't help but doubt that he was an AA class adventurer.
Augmenting my sword in fire as well, I made my way to our one-armed companion, hoping I would make it in time to support him before he got himself killed.
Concentrating on the fire dancing wildly around my sword, I condensed the augmentation so that just a thin layer of bright red enveloped my sword.
[Searing Edge]
Lashing my molten-hot weapon at the vines continuously shooting themselves at me, a pile of dismembered branches began forming around me.
I kept tabs on Jasmine to make sure she was okay but she seemed to be fine on her own, her body spinning furiously like a cyclone of blades, mincing any vines that came in her direction. Brald was having a harder time as more and more gashes began oozing fresh blood on his face and body.
"—spread and burn!"
[Liquid Blaze]
Lucas finished his spell first as he unleashed a spray of red liquid from his staff while Reginald continued blocking the incoming vines that targeted our conjurers.
The three of us jumped back to stay out of the way of the spell. I had to hand it to the noble brat for still thinking straight despite the situation. The spell, Liquid Fire, wasn't as powerful as the actual fire spells but it spread quickly and, if not doused, would eventually envelop everything in its way.
The spell landed on the torrent of vines, but before the liquid fire was even able to spread, the mist around us gathered toward the spot where the spell hit the vine. With a loud hiss, the spell was doused by the moisture from the mist.
I could see Lucas's face pale as sweat rolled down his neck. From the state he was in, it was safe to assume that this spell had exhausted all of his mana.
[Crater]
Elijah held out his staff as he finished the spell. The ground underneath the wave of vines crumbled and a hole, meters deep, formed, deterring the vines from reaching us for now.
[Aqua Siphon]
Samantha fell to her knees as she released the powerful spell.
Aqua Siphon was a frightening spell that sucked the surrounding area of its water. The only drawback of this spell was the amount of mana it used for the limited amount of space it could affect.
The rampant vines that were crawling out of the crater Elijah had conjured began withering at a rapid pace as the moisture was sucked out from them.
Before the withering could spread, however, the rest of the mist surrounding the cave swirled and gathered, sucked in by the vines. The shriveled, brown vines were once again turned a healthy green, filled with vigor, and seemed angrier than before.
"N-No way…" Samantha's face drained of color as she slumped in resignation.
The positive, however, was that the mist that had surrounded us was being absorbed into the huge wave of vines, clearing our limited view.
As the vines continued to hungrily consume the mist, we were all finally able to see what exactly it was we had been going up against.
Standing more than twenty meters tall, high above our heads was a colossal mana beast. With a humanoid structure that oddly resembled a centaur, it towered over us like a massive building.
While it seemed to be made up completely of densely packed and intertwined vines, the top half of its body was that of an armored man holding a drill-like lance that came to a menacing point just over our heads. Its lower body was that of a horse, but rather than legs, its limbs consisted of the countless vines we had been battling against. Two green eyes peered down at us, filled with unbridled enmity.
I swallowed hard, staring mindlessly up at the imposing figure. For the last hour, the seven of us had been literally battling against the toes of this mana beast.
"I-I've read about a monster that looked something like this," Samantha stuttered in horror, sinking to her knees in complete resignation. "I think th-that's an S class mana beast called the e-elderwood guardian!"
"It can't be, right? What the hell would an S class mana beast be doing here?" Reginald almost dropped his giant hammer as he peered up at the elderwood guardian in dread, and with good reason too. An S class mana beast meant that it was on par with an SS class adventurer or at least ten S class adventurers.
"I-Isn't that Kriol?" Reginald exclaimed as he pointed a shaking finger at the lifeless torso and legs sticking out of the body of the mana beast.
"W-We're doomed…" Brald had a crazed expression on his face as he began laughing madly at the giant mana beast. He had already lost his arm and he was worn out from the fighting. This was probably the last straw for the veteran adventurer.
"We have to run." Jasmine yanked my hand, gesturing me to run back in the direction of the doors we had come from.
"What about them?" I called out, my eyes glued to the elderwood guardian.
She remained silent, tugging harder for me to move.
I knew that rationally, it made the most sense to get away from here as fast as possible. Hell, I wasn't even close to any of them, and I certainly wasn't chummy with Lucas. But it wouldn't be right to betray their trust in me as their leader.
Suddenly, the elderwood guardian thrusted his giant drill lance at us, creating a gale of wind just from its movement.
[Earthen Shield]
Elijah conjured a flat wall of earth from the ground, angled slightly so that the force of the drill would be parried away from us.
A thunderous explosion resounded from the impact as the beast's lance shattered the thick, earthen slab.
Picking up his hammer, Reginald charged forward, seizing the opportunity that Elijah had created. His giant warhammer glowed a brilliant yellow as he roared out in desperate resolve. "Go back to the damn hole you crawled out from, you oversized tree! Impact Barrage!"
The giant hammer began vibrating fiercely in his hands as he unleashed his attack down at the elderwood guardian's lance.
It felt like a warship had just fired a massive storm of cannons as the whole cavern shook. The sheer force of Reginald's spell had reduced the beast's weapon to shreds.
Just as he was about to land on the ground, the broken vines that made up the lance whirled like tentacles and surrounded him. "GAAAH! HELPP!! NOOOO!"
The tendrils that had once formed the giant lance swirled around to mold back into its original shape, eating up Reginald in the process. The gruesome sound of bones snapping resounded from within the weapon as the tendrils continued to intertwine, slithering around each other like pythons to complete the shape of the lance.
Samantha, who had been preparing a spell to our left, lurched forward and heaved what little food she had consumed since coming down here as the sound of Reginald's body being ground filled the cavern.
Damn it all.
The lance had formed back into its original shape, with the addition of Reginald's body and weapon inside it. Looking up, I could see that the elderwood guardian didn't have a mouth but just from the look in its eyes, I felt like it was gloating, refreshed by the fact that it had caught one more insect that had been bugging him.
I grabbed Samantha, who had been petrified from shock, and lifted her up on my shoulders. "Jasmine! Grab Brald and let's run! Lucas, Elijah! You have to try and block any incoming attacks until we can make it out of here!"
Jasmine picked up the one-armed adventurer who was still laughing psychotically and we look back to see that the elderwood guardian was looking directly at us.
"We need to move!" I barked, hurrying everyone. However, just as I willed mana into my body, a blast of fire hit me square in the chest, sending me flying back as Samantha tumbled off to the side.
While my body, reinforced with mana and from the assimilation of Sylvia's Dragon Will, prevented me from sustaining serious injuries, my breath had been knocked out from the almost point-blank spell cast by Lucas, the only one possibly capable of doing this.
Furious and baffled by the sudden betrayal, I had to practically peel my eyes away from the blond brat that was already running away to look for Jasmine. She had been knocked back much farther from the spell and was unconscious, but she didn't seem to be dead.
"What the hell are you doing?" Elijah cried out for the first time, pointing his staff at Lucas who was already almost at the entrance of the cave.
"You think I'd risk my life to help all of you escape? Be honored that you'll be the valiant heroes that stalled the beast enough for me to escape! I'll tell everyone all about your courageous deeds!" he scoffed, turning back just to shoot me an arrogant smirk before conjuring a smokescreen.
Another deafening crash reverberated as the ground split around us from the force of the elderwood guardian stabbing its lance where Lucas had just been. The smokescreen subsided, but Lucas was already gone, closing the door behind him.
"That spineless ass!" Elijah cursed, holding his glasses in place as the cavern continued to tremble from the force of the beast's attack. The endless vines that made up the mana beast's limbs managed to climb out of the crater left from Elijah's spell and approach us.
Suddenly, the elderwood guardian let out a baleful roar, gripping my body with a fear incomparable to any of the other mana beasts I had faced before. Its green eyes turned a menacing red and the tendrils that made up its body turned gray and disassembled to form a tsunami of vines, destroying everything in its path as it made its way to us.
"HAHAHA!" Brald's maniacal laughter faded as a wave of vines consumed his body.
Elijah's usual terse expression was nowhere to be found as his face slackened, turning several shades lighter, while Jasmine was still unconscious from taking Lucas's spell directly. The fact that she was still knocked out meant that Lucas managed to hit her before she had the chance to reinforce herself with mana.
I started calculating the options I had left. Even if I were to use the first phase of my beast's will, I wouldn't last long enough to save everyone and carry them out.
I bit my lip, frustrated that I allowed myself to fall into such a crappy situation. I had no choice but to use it.
I didn't know how severe the recoil of using it would be but I had no choice but to try.
Taking a deep breath, I closed my eyes, searching deep within my mana core for the source of Sylvia's slumbering power. Releasing it, I was met with an almost strangling amount of energy as my body burned.
The world around blurred as a near-palpable aura of different colors enveloped me.
"Phase Two," I let out a strained whisper. "Dragon's Awakening."


Chapter 34: Dire Tombs III

Undergoing Dragon's Awakening seemed to startle Sylvie, who was now frantically asking me what had happened from wherever she was.
It's fine, Sylv. I want you to stay away for now and if anything happens, go back to the Helsteas' house for me.
'No! I'm going to go towards you now, Papa. Hold on!' I could sense Sylvie getting closer but she was still a few dozen kilometers away.
Stay away, Sylv! Please! I need someone to tell my family what happens just in case, I transmitted, the voice in my head coming out desperate.
I didn't know if I was going to make it out of this alive, and I didn't want my family wondering what happened and why the ring activated.
'Be careful…'
Thanks, Sylv.
One of the abilities of my first phase, Acquire, allowed me to temporarily separate myself from the space and time around me, which seemed to also be one of Sylvia's innate skills. That phase was limited in many ways because I wasn't a dragon. The limited mana I had access to, as well as the physical burden the ability placed on me, restricted what I could actually do when I activated the 'Acquire' phase.
The most efficient way to best use this phase—I realized when I was training with Grandpa Virion—was by utilizing the Thunderclap Impulse spell alongside it. I would activate my first phase in short millisecond bursts while the reaction time of my body was increased dramatically from the lightning-attribute skill; this allowed me to react and counter almost anything. That was the most efficient way I could think of, since I couldn't affect anything that was "frozen" while the first phase was activated. Even though I wasn't able to keep it up for long, that was my biggest trump card. The fact that the first phase of my beast will wasn't noticeable by those around me made it all the more useful.
I thought back to the time at the auction house when I had first used the 'Acquire' phase on someone else. Sebastian wasn't able to communicate with anyone besides me since I separated us from the time and space of those around us. I only lasted a few seconds before I ended up crippled in bed the next day.
Right now, though, was one of those times when my first phase wouldn't be so useful. No matter how fast I could react to this tsunami of vines, I wouldn't be able to dodge or escape from it in one piece.
There was no other choice.
As I unleashed the dormant power of Sylvia's will deep inside my mana core, I felt every pore in my body open as a surge of mana began raging in and out of my body.
The space around me distorted and the ground below my feet began cracking from the mana surrounding my body.
Color drained from my vision as I was only able to see in shades of gray. The only colors I was able to see were from the numerous particles of mana in the atmosphere around me, all shimmering according to their corresponding elements.
The surge of mana that had been rampaging around me suddenly got sucked up and compressed into my body as the feeling of insurmountable power overwhelmed me. The sense of superiority over everything, living or not, in this universe, almost drove me crazy. I suppressed the growing temptation to obliterate everything around me out of sheer mania.
"Kuh!" I gasped aloud.
The mana in the atmosphere seemed to bend to my will, as if even nature was now under my command.
Phase Two. Dragon's Awakening… Integrate.
The golden runes, the same markings that Sylvia once had, ran down my arms and back with a burning sensation. I could see my hair growing longer, flowing down to my shoulder, as the once auburn color of my hair turned a bright luminescent white, swaying from the swirl of energy constantly encompassing me. In a way, it was like my body was becoming more like Sylvia's.
After calming the voice inside my head that suggested I go on a rampage, I examined my surroundings. Jasmine and Elijah were the only ones left. Elijah was beside Jasmine now, who was still out of breath and sweating in pain, supporting her with his shoulders. Elijah was staring at me with a dazed expression, his once serious face almost comical as his glasses drooped down his broken nose.
Another thunderous crash jolted my attention back to the task at hand.
The tsunami of vines that made up the elderwood guardian expanded as a face formed within the wave. The face bore down at me balefully, ignoring everyone else but me. The mana beast that once looked at us like we were insects now displayed a trace of fear.
"Let's play," I growled, revealing a smirk.
The world moved around me in slow motion as I leaped, willing wind into the soles of my feet. I instantly cleared the distance between the elderwood guardian and myself as the storming gale I propelled myself with left a crater bigger than the spell Elijah had used.
[Thunderclap Impulse]
A surge of black lightning coiled around my body as I effortlessly dodged the thousands of vines that shot out at me.
Every vine that the tendrils of black lightning touched instantly disintegrated and withered away, but for every vine that crumbled, dozens replaced it. Using the vines that were shooting at me as a foothold, I breezed through the onslaught of thorn-covered vines as thick as my body, drawing nearer to the core of the elderwood guardian.
I could already feel the recoil from using the second phase as my body began trembling and I held back the need to vomit blood.
It was time to end this.
"White fire," I muttered.
My hands ignited and became engulfed in a blazing white flame that seemed to freeze the moisture in the air around it. This was the most powerful offensive skill that I had in my arsenal, but one that was also the hardest to control. While my Lightning Attribute skills were focused more towards one-on-one combat, I geared my ice attribute techniques for a more widespread form of destruction, just in case the situation arose.
The white fire ablaze in my hands grew larger as I absorbed the now-visible specks of water attribute mana particles into my body. Using the last of my strength, I released my final skill.
[Absolute Zero]
The elderwood guardian, who was in the form of a giant wave of entangled vines, rapidly became encased in ice as the very atoms that made up the mana beast froze in place where the white fire had spread.
Exploding forth the black lightning around me, deadly coils of dark electricity traced through the frozen tsunami of vines and instantly shattered it, leaving only the beast's mana core.
The second phase wore off as I heaved out a mouthful of blood. As my body began plummeting down, I couldn't help but admire the beauty of the shimmering fragments of ice that once made up the legendary S class mana beast; It had the surreal effect that one would only see in a dream.
As my consciousness faded, the last thing I heard was the distant echo of Sylv's cry in my head.
______________________________________________
As soon as I woke up, I immediately wished I could be unconscious again. An intense wave of searing pain spread all over my body, leaving me helplessly immobile as a stream of tears rolled down my cheeks. I vomited both blood and the remains of the little food I had eaten since arriving at the dungeon. Every muscle, every pore, every fiber of my body felt like it was getting sawed slowly by a scalding blade.
Without even the strength to utter a cry of pain, I just cursed miserably in my mind.
"You're awake!" A voice called out from beside me.
Focusing all of my will into staying awake, I ignored the voice.
After a moment of hollow silence, I managed to to utter a few sounds.
"G-Glove. My glove," I practically coughed out, turning my head to the side so I wouldn't choke on my own blood.
"What about your glove?" I could see Elijah's face now as he removed the glove my parents had given me from my hand.
"B-Break one of the c-crystals on the glove and give… me." I almost passed out from the pain again, but before I did, Elijah managed to understand and follow my stuttered instructions.
A pleasant surge of soothing light enveloped my body, and the once unbearable pain eased enough so I could calm down a little. I tried to get up but my body, once again, refused to listen. Lying motionless on my back, I assessed the situation now, since my cognitive abilities were no longer completely focused on enduring the pain.
Around us, it was dark and cramped, with the only source of light coming from a small fire in the middle of our small group.
"Where's Jasmine?" I croaked, struggling to turn my neck as I searched for her. As another wave of pain clenched at my insides, I was reminded of the time when I was four and had fallen off the cliff.
Good, friggin' times.
Elijah pointed to other end of the small shed we were huddled in. "She's over there."
Just barely lifting my head, I was able to spot Jasmine lying against the far wall. Her face was wrinkled in pain as beads of sweat littered above her brows.
"She was hit a lot harder by Lucas's spell and her body wasn't fortified with mana. I had a medical kit on me so I treated the external burn on her belly but I think the burn had caused some internal damage." Elijah looked wearily at Jasmine, straightening his glasses.
Turning my head back, I could see that the boy wasn't in great shape. His usual trim, black hair was now a bird's nest as cuts and trailed of dried blood covered his face and body. His nose, that had been broken had turned a sickly purple and his clothes were shredded.
He was hurt and tired, but he was able enough to get out of here. Yet, he stayed, ignoring treating his wounds while focusing his efforts on keeping Jasmine and me alive.
I wanted to thank Elijah for helping us but I held off until I could talk in complete sentences; if I told him now, it would only come off as strained and pathetic. Until then, I could only simmer in my own fumes, thinking of that spineless, traitorous worm called Lucas.
"Use my glove on Jasmine too. Crack another one of the gems on it and press it against her wounds," I explained through gritted teeth.
"Got it." Elijah shuffled over to Jasmine and I heard a faint hum from the light that brightened the small cave we were in.
Jasmine's ragged breathing had turned noticeably steadier. Using my limited strength to look at her again, I saw that her previous strained expression had calmed.
"I think she'll be fine with a few hours of rest." A rare smile escaped Elijah's terse face.
'Papa! You're awake now! Are you okay? I'm almost there!' Sylvie's voice chirped in my head.
I'm fine now. I thought you said you had to finish up something… are you done with that? I asked my infant dragon.
'…No. I'm almost done, though! I'll find you after I'm done! I miss you, Papa…' The disappointed voice of Sylvie almost tempted me to just tell her to come here now, but I held it in. I could feel the changes in Sylvie's body somehow, and I knew she was going through something important.
"I didn't think that the legendary masked swordsman, Note, would be someone around my age." My bespectacled companion's voice stirred my train of thought.
"My mask!" My voice turned a little frantic as I noticed for the first time that my face was bare.
"S-Sorry. It got blown off while you were falling. I couldn't help looking while I was moving you two to safety." I saw him scratch his cheek, something akin to embarrassment expressed on his face.
"What about my sword? Did you see the black stick that I carried around?" My eyes darted around through the dim lighting.
I spotted the outline of my sword as Elijah pointed a bit to the right of the sleeping Jasmine. "Yeah, it's beside Jasmine. I didn't know if it was valuable or not but I kept it just in case."
I just let out a deep breath, a rather heavy weight lifted from my chest. "Thank you… for everything. For saving Jasmine and me and retrieving my sword when you could've easily escaped by yourself. Thank you."
"Haha… If I left you in that half-dead state, that would've put me on the same level as that ass, Lucas, then wouldn't it?" He shot me a grin.
"Heh, not nearly." I let out a pained laugh.
Elijah inched closer, sitting down next to me now. "Why did you stay anyways? I saw Jasmine pulling you to escape. I felt like you two could've escaped at that time."
I couldn't help but pause at his question. "A king never betrays the people who trust him." I winked, which made him scoff. "And…" I hesitated, "...I promised someone very important to become a better person and to cherish the people around me."
"Pfft. You sound like an old man. We're pretty young…I wonder what kind of life you had until now to have promised someone that," Elijah's tense face was a lot more relaxed now, his once stone face full of life.
"I sometimes wonder myself, haha. How long have I been out for anyways?" I changed the subject.
"It's hard to tell but definitely more than a day. Jasmine woke up a few times in between, but just barely enough so I could feed her," he answered, leaning back on the wall.
I wiggled myself up painfully to sit against the wall as well, Elijah helping me, when I noticed that the wall was made of metal.
"This doesn't seem to be naturally made. Where are we?" I feel the cold surface of the wall, tracing it back to the ground.
"I conjured it. I think the elderwood guardian's body was supporting the whole level of the cave we were in. After you defeated it, the ceiling crumbled, and once you landed on the ground, I built a small shelter to keep the rocks from burying us alive." He let out a sigh. Until now, he hadn't given away a single trace that he was a deviant, and a rather particular one at that.
Instead of being surprised, though, my mind somehow felt at ease. Ever since I had met him, something had felt weird. Like we had held some sort of connection somehow. I guess him being a deviant was the reason why. "I thought only dwarves were able to manipulate metal… and even then, I was taught that they could only manipulate existing metal, not create and conjure it."
"So much for keeping secrets, eh?" Elijah chuckled, sinking further down, a tired look on his face.
"Tell me about it," I scoffed with a grin, holding in the pain as my body protested at even the slightest movements.
"All right…but you have to tell me what the hell you did back there as well. Your hair turned white! A-And your eyes…they were glowing purple. There were these glowing symbols that appeared on your body too!"
I didn't know that my eyes had turned purple, but merely nodded in agreement and let him continue.
"I'm from the Darv Kingdom, but I'm not really sure where I originally came from. The elder that took care of me since I was little always avoided the subject of my parents so I never got a clear answer. The only memories of my childhood came in painful flashes that feel like they've been locked away somehow. About a year ago, when I had awakened, I created such a big implosion that my whole room just vanished. After getting trained for a little while, I found out I was abnormally better in earth attribute spells than any other elements… like, to the point where I wouldn't be able to cast anything but the most elementary spells in water, fire, or wind…even now." Elijah stared blankly at the palms of his hands.
"Since I had awakened, my mana core has been condensing all on its own at a rapid pace. I don't even need to meditate for some reason. The elder that took care of me sent me to the Kingdom of Sapin as a representative and told me to make a name for myself and get along with the humans, but honestly, I don't know why I'm doing this. After I broke into the dark orange stage, I had this weird feeling surge up in my body and before I knew it, a field of metal spikes conjured around me. I happened to be alone when it occurred so thankfully, I didn't kill anyone… but ever since then I've been pretty careful… and scared. Scared of what I am and scared of what I can do. I was excited at first about how strong I could be, but even now, I can barely control my powers. You know… I thought maybe I was half-dwarf at one point, but I-I just don't know what I am anymore."
I stared at Elijah, noticing that his hands were trembling as he quickly squeezed them into fists to control himself.
I just laid back, silently. I wasn't going to pretend like I understood him, and anything I said now would just be empty words of comfort.
"Sometimes, I get this feeling…. like what I can do right now isn't even the limit. I know it may sound weird but I get this itch that there's something more to me deep inside, and that once I can control that power, I'll know what I really am...I'm sorry, haha…this ended up being a therapy session for me, didn't it?" And like that, the bespectacled boy that tried so hard to keep a stern, cold façade turned out to be fragile on the inside.
I gritted my teeth as I willed my broken body to sit upright to face Elijah. Peering into the boy's eyes, I saw a trace of desperation but also gentleness, and a firm pride in himself that reassured my decision. Years of being a king, representing my country, meeting all different kinds of people—I got the hang of being able to see the type of person someone was, and my impression of Elijah was that he could be someone I could trust.
"I'm a quadra-elemental augmenter with two deviances: ice and lightning," I stated in an even tone. Before he had the chance to even react to the landmine I had just set off, I continued. "I'm also a beast tamer. What you saw back there was me releasing my beast will."
The hand that Elijah had been leaning on slipped and his head crashed against the cold, hard steel.
"Holy—Ouch!" He got back up, rubbing his head.
"I thought I was a freak but I guess you win. W-Wait… how old are you?" he asked.
"I turned eleven a couple of months ago."
"No way! I'll be twelve in a few months! I don't know my exact birth date but the elder just made my birthday the day he found me, January 10th. You know my name is Elijah, but I don't know yours. What's your name?" He stuck out his hand as a sign of friendship.
Grasping his hand, I responded with a pained smile. "Arthur. Arthur Leywin, but just call me Art."
For the next several hours, we exchanged stories. Elijah's childhood wasn't that eventful before his awakening. He stayed with the elder since the dwarf children weren't too fond of mingling with humans. Because of that, Elijah had spent most of his time reading various books. Listening to him talk and just hearing about his life, I could understand why he was a lot more mature for someone his age. He only talked with adults—mostly the elder that took care of him—and just living in a society where almost everyone would rather not have anything to do with you made him grow up a lot faster than he should have.
I broke the last gem of the glove to relieve the pain again when Jasmine woke up. As soon as her eyes opened and she saw that I was awake, she shot up and pulled me into a firm, and agonizing, hug. I was about to say something when I felt drops of tears fall on my neck.
What the hell, I could endure a few more seconds of pain.
"I'm sorry I couldn't protect you…" was all she could manage to say as she held back her sobs.
"It's okay, Jasmine. I was the one being stubborn. I'm sorry I dragged you into this mess with me." I patted her back.
Had she always been this small?
Knowing her since I was a child, I had always assumed she was bigger than I was, but in my arms now was a frail woman.
After she had regained her composure, I shakily stood up to my feet, placing a hand on Jasmine and Elijah's shoulders. "Let's go home, guys."


Chapter 35: Rash Actions and Limits

With both Jasmine and Elijah supporting my powerless body, we had managed to make our way back to the surface of the cavern where we fought the elderwood guardian. The once serene field of grass was in ruins as toppled trees and fallen stalactites lay scattered and splintered amongst fissured grounds.
"Do you think anyone else survived?" I asked, carefully scanning the mess around us.
"Well, Reginald and Brald were both frozen together with the mana beast from the last attack you used. I wasn't close enough to save Samantha either, after she got knocked off of you and landed near the elderwood guardian. I conjured a metal shelter to keep her safe from the debris but I'm not sure if she was able to survive," Elijah reported.
Between the after effects from using the second phase and worrying about Jasmine, I was a bit ashamed to say that I hadn't really thought about the rest of the party. I guess when I didn't see anyone else in the shelter with us, I immediately assumed they didn't make it.
"I don't think we'll be able to help Samantha in time, even if she is alive by the time we find her under all of this mess," I sighed. "We still need to find the elderwood guardian's beast core."
"I think I'll be able to help with the first problem." Elijah knelt down, placing a palm on the ground. "Give me a few minutes."
"Scan," the bespectacled boy muttered as a thin wave of mana spread out of his hand.
[Earth's Pulse]
The spell that Elijah had just invoked, as far as I knew, was usually made to scan the ground for signs of approaching enemies. Usually, the caster would be able to hear footsteps and, if he was that skilled, perhaps distinguish the number of footsteps. However, to encompass not only the surface of the floor, but the ground beneath it, I couldn't help but become more and more intrigued by this boy.
After a few, tense minutes, Elijah's furrowed brows lifted into an expression of surprise. "I know where Samantha is and her heart's still beating!"
A sleek, metallic tent rose from the ground at Elijah's invocation and opened up in front of us to reveal Samantha.
By the state the conjurer was in, she was just barely hanging in there. Both her legs had been broken clean in multiple locations from where the elderwood's tendrils had grasped her. Splinters of white jutted out from the bloody mess that were her legs as a milky, yellow pus indicated that her wounds had already become infected.
The good news, if we could even call it that, was that only her legs had incurred serious damage. The rest of her body had cuts and bruises but was otherwise unharmed.
Elijah's face contorted in horror at the sight as he immediately turned around and lurched forward to vomit.
Jasmine rushed towards her and knelt, not knowing what she had to do to help her.
Limping toward Samantha, I checked her neck for her pulse and placed a hand on her forehead. "Well, she doesn't have a fever yet and her pulse is steady enough where I don't think her life will be in danger anytime soon. The silver lining is that she's unconscious."
"Some silver lining," Elijah coughed as he convulsed into another dry heave.
As Jasmine carefully cradled the unconscious Samantha in her arms, I thought back to when the peppy conjurer had made attempts at striking up a conversation with her. With the two of them being the only girls, Samantha was relentless in her pursuit at befriending the brusque Jasmine. Eventually, Jasmine had started to respond, even smiling at times.
I thought about our next course of action. If we wanted to get Samantha to safety, I would need to give up on looking for the beast core for now. However, with Samantha in her state and my body being barely capable of standing on its own, the best thing to do was for Elijah and Jasmine to take Samantha to a medic before coming back down for me.
"Elijah," I called out to my friend, who was now gasping for air.
Just as I was about to give my instructions, a thundering roar rumbled throughout the cavern, shaking a few stalactites loose from the ceiling.
"What now?!" Elijah groaned, more in resignation than in fear.
'Papa! I'm here!' Sylv cried out in my mind.
"It's okay, Elijah," I coaxed, as Jasmine lowered the dagger she had already unsheathed.
Despite the childlike voice that rang in my head, the dragon that stood before me was far from anything akin to a child.
I let out a whistle. "Wow, Sylv. You gained weight… and height, and width."
Sylvie, the small cat-like dragon that had always sat on top of my head was now almost the spitting image of the dragon I named her after.
Her body wasn't as large as Sylvia's, but it was still over eight meters long. I could now say with full confidence that Sylvie was indeed a dragon. Her scales had an obsidian-black sheen, reflecting the light from the dungeon in an almost divine way. The two horns that sprouted out of her head were sharper and even more menacing than the titan's horns I had seen years ago. With wings similar to Sylvia's—except with pitch-black feathers—and blood-red spikes that protruded along the ridge of her spine, she exuded a menacing, if not baleful, aura around her. The once adorable face and muzzle of hers was now elegant and sharp, her black sclera and yellow irises reminding me of a particularly bright topaz shining in the dead of night.
Sylv's powerful limbs—armored with jagged spikes at the elbows and knees—lifted as she approached me with a graceful poise, despite her large size. She lowered her head that was as large as my torso, bringing her snout close to mine.
Suddenly, her snake-like tongue shot out as she licked my face with the force to lift me from the ground.
"My God, your breath is foul, Sylv," I sputtered, barely able to keep myself upright.
'Hehe!' Sylv's childish giggle rang in my head.
"I-Is that a wyvern? But it has four limbs. I-It can't be, right? Is that a d-d-d—"
"I'm pretty sure she's a dragon," I finished for the dumbfounded Elijah.
He stared up at the sight of the fearsome beast, his face filled with more horror than when he had seen the elderwood guardian.
Jasmine, who had already known about my bond, was still trembling at the sight of my juvenile dragon as she clutched Samantha close to her chest.
"Elijah, this is my bond, Sylvie." I stretched my hand out to rub my dragon's snout, causing her hind leg to thump the ground in pleasure.
I couldn't help but chortle at how little Sylvie had changed on the inside despite her dramatic transformation.
Turning to face Elijah, I put on a grim face. "Jasmine already knew about this, but I want you to promise to keep this a secret as well. Dragons have been thought to have been extinct for centuries now, so if anyone were to suddenly see Sylvie… well, you know what greed can do to someone."
Elijah nodded frantically in response, his glasses hanging loose on his crooked nose.
"We need to hurry, though. It worked out well that Sylvie came when she did. Let's move Samantha on Sylvie's back." I was barely able to stand up on my own now, but walking more than a few steps was out of the question.
I watched as Elijah and Jasmine carefully loaded the unconscious conjurer onto Sylv's back before they helped me up as well.
It was decided that only Samantha and I would ride Sylv to the first cavern of the dungeon while Jasmine and Elijah would follow close behind.
The journey back up only took a few hours compared to the full day we needed when we had travelled down.
'Sylv, can you still transform?' I asked as we ascended up toward the entrance of the dungeon. My mind was spinning, trying to come up with a way to protect her from greedy nobles in case she couldn't, but thankfully, she said that she could still change into a miniature form.
'What did you do during this time, anyway? How did you grow so quickly?' I sent Sylv while lying down against her long neck.
'I hunted a lot of monsters and ate their mana cores! I missed you a lot. I'm sorry I couldn't protect you while you were here.' Another gust of wind formed beneath us as she flapped her wings down, accelerating towards our destination.
It seemed like her body wasn't able to grow without consuming mana cores, which reminded me of the beast core the elderwood guardian had dropped. At this point, I could only hope that it would stay hidden from adventurers until I went back down.
When we arrived at the first cavern—where the batrunners had been—I preparing myself to fight a couple of them in this crippled state. However, to my surprise, as soon as the batrunners saw Sylvie, they became so terrified, they simply buried their heads in the ground off in the opposite corner of the cave.
Jasmine and Elijah arrived a little less than an hour later, both heaving for breath. Sylv's body illuminated as she shrank back down into the size of a kitten at my mention, but I noticed the change in her appearance even in this form. Her red spikes had disappeared and she was pitch black—apart from her sharp yellow irises. All-in-all, she resembled a demonic, but harmless, black cat.
Sputtering out a series of pained coughs, Samantha stirred awake. As soon as she had become conscious enough to feel the pain in her legs, her eyes widened as she gasped from the agony. She had her arms wrapped around herself as she trembled.
"Y-You guys all made it," she croaked, her body trembling, and her face contorted from the pain. Her face was pale and I could tell she was beginning to burn up by the cold sweat that rolled down her forehead. Her lips were white and cracked as deep bags weighed down beneath her once bright eyes.
"Stop talking," I ordered. "You need to save your energy. Don't worry, we'll get you help soon."
Ignoring me, she carefully reached into her robe, pulling out my mask and something else. "Look what I f-found."
"That's—" Elijah careened close to Samantha's hand.
"The elderwood's beast core," I finished, gently taking it from Samantha. "Nice work. I'll hold onto this until I get the chance to sell it. I think splitting it amongst us would be the best way."
"Are you kidding me?" Elijah shook his head. "I don't want it."
"Me neither. You deserve it, Arthur," Jasmine agreed.
"What? You guys don't want—"
"I'm just happy to be alive. I think it's fair that the one who killed it gets to reap the rewards," Samantha whispered, her consciousness wavering.
I studied the dull green stone, webbed with intricate lines of gray. "Thanks everyone."
Samantha's lips curled up into a faint smile before she fell asleep again in Jasmine's arms.
I put the mask on my face and turned my gaze to my guardian. "Jasmine, can you and Elijah go first to the Guild Hall and get help back down here? I'll stay here with Samantha."
With a nod from the two of them, they headed out back up to the surface. Since it would take them at least four hours to send the message and arrive back, I planned on absorbing the elderwood's beast core. With the aid from the powerful core—and with my body that had been assimilated with Sylvia's will—I predicted that I should be able to make a full recovery by the time they came back.
Before I began my meditation with the the beast core, I took out the parchment I had received from the Twin Horns and recorded a message, telling my parents that I'll be coming home soon.
Forcing my unresponsive body into a cross-legged position. I took a deep breath with the elderwood guardian's beast core in my hands, all the while thinking of what I should do with Lucas.
It wasn't enough for me to just settle for petty revenge. I wanted to do something more. He was from a very powerful family of notorious mages and his blood gave him a certain amount of protection from the elves. Of course, with my connections with the royal family, I didn't think it would matter much, but the Wykes family that he was a part of could make things more complicated than I wanted them to be.
I didn't have much time to dwell on my options as I was stirred out of my meditation by the sound of footsteps approaching.
Judging from the uniforms, it was easy to assume that the people that filed in were the medics Jasmine and Elijah had sent. Within the group of medics was Kaspian, the lanky head of a Guild Hall branch. He was snapping orders at the medics and the few guards that he had brought along to protect the medics, just in case.
Hiding the mana core I couldn't finish absorbing, I watched as the medics worked on Samantha. They used a mixture of herbs to anesthetize her and pushed back the bones into the right place. The field of medicine wasn't that advanced in this world so I wasn't sure that they would be able to fully heal Samantha's legs, but I realized my worries were unnecessary when I saw an emitter begin working on her.
Kaspian walked towards me as I stood up. "Good evening, Mr. Note. I didn't expect for us to be meeting like this. Ms. Flamesworth has told me the situation and I know how you must feel."
"Oh, do you now? Then would you kindly inform me the current location of Lucas so that I may properly respond to his actions against our party?" I replied through gritted teeth. Despite Kaspian's mild tone, I knew that he had personally come here to stop me from going after Lucas.
"I must advise you, Mr. Note, to refrain from taking actions against Mr. Wykes… right now." He shook his head, confirming my assumption.
"And why not 'right now'? My identity is a secret and I have the capability to easily erase that bug's existence. Do you think you have the power to protect him from me?" My gaze was unrelenting as I took a step toward the thin man.
"Of course, I know I don't possess the power to fight against you when you're at your full strength, but I assure you that I can pose a threat to you right now," he calmly replied, straightening his glasses. "But even if I could, I wouldn't need to. Mr. Note, I am warning you because—believe it or not—I carry the obligation to care for you since you are affiliated with Ms. Flamesworth, even if she is the estranged daughter of the house. The Wykes are the type of people that will carry out revenge in the most extreme and brutal manner. Assuming that you do kill their precious son, Lucas, I know right now, you do not possess the power to kill the whole Wykes House. Even if they don't know your identity, that won't stop them from killing anyone that has had anything to do with you. This includes Ms. Flamesworth and the people she's affiliated with, the Twin Horns. Going further than that, I believe the Wykes will further their revenge against you by going against all of the people close to the Twin Horns party, which includes Reynolds Leywin and his family."
I could feel the blood running down my fists as my nails dug deeper into my palms.
He had me.
"Like I said, Mr. Note, I wish to be on your side. What I said about the Wykes Family is all from previous events in the past so I can assure you that they will stop at nothing from wiping out anyone that had to do with you, even if it they weren't directly related. Until the day you hold the power and authority to protect the people you care for from them, I must advise you from acting against them for now. With that, I'll take my leave. The Adventurer, Samantha, must be taken back to a facility to be properly cared for." Giving me a curt bow, he walk away towards Samantha, leaving me with a bitter taste in my mouth.
I could only laugh at the pitiful state I was in. He was right. Until I could wipe away the whole Wykes House, it would be dangerous for my family and friends if I acted against them. No matter how much of an asshole he was, it wasn't worth risking my loved ones.
Through clenched fists, I swore to myself that Lucas would regret this day.
Elijah and Jasmine appeared soon after with solemn expressions, obviously overhearing the conversation I had with the Guild Hall leader.
Each placing a consoling hand on my shoulders, Elijah and Jasmine followed me out of the Dire Tombs with Sylv trailing close behind.
We arrived at the Guild Hall located on the outskirts of the Beast Glades about two hours later. Samantha was resting in the recovery facility as Jasmine, Elijah and I were sprawled on the couches in a private room. Kaspian had temporarily moved from his office in Xyrus to this branch and was seated behind the desk in the room when the door suddenly flew open.
"You guys managed to make it out alive!" Behind a group of barrel-chested adventures posing as guards was Lucas.
Kaspian, seated a few feet away from us, leaned his head on his hand—vexed at the boy's impertinence—as he locked gazes with me to remind me of our discussion.
Both Elijah and Jasmine sprang up from their seats, weapons ablaze as I remained in my seat. It took an amount of self control that I never knew I had to stop myself from lunging forward and skewering the brat to the door he dared come in through.
At this point, I couldn't tell whether he was that confident or just plain stupid for not just betraying us, but mocking us immediately after.
I guess he wasn't completely dumb, since he had the sense to at least bring some backup.
Lucas took a step forward, slapping the guard in front of him to move out of the way. "I wonder how you managed to escape from that terror of a beast. Did you have to sacrifice someone else to save yourselves? That whore, Samantha, is a cripple now, but she's alive so I don't think it was her. I don't see Brald, though… don't tell me you sacrificed hi—"
Before he had the time to finish his sentence, my fingers had already let go of the shortsword I had hidden behind me.
The next moment, Lucas let out a shrill scream as he clutched his right ear, blood leaking through the spaces between his fingers.
My backup sword that I had picked out from the Helstea Auction House had impaled itself deep into the wall behind Lucas, barely missing the head of the guard that stood behind him.
At the sounds of the hollow thud and scream, the guards whipped around to make sure their boss was okay before turning back to me with weapons held ready.
I stood up from my seat and walked steadily towards the pale Lucas, the entire room deathly silent.
"W-What do you think I'm paying you for?! Get him!" Lucas hissed, pointing at me with a trembling finger as his other hand still gripped his bleeding ear.
The guard closest to me lifted his axe in position to split me in two when I quickly used the scabbard of the shortsword I had just flung at Lucas to respond.
A sharp snap rang as the end of my scabbard met with the guard's fingers. With a pained howl, he let go of his axe as he instinctively nursed his broken fingers.
Before the rest of the guards could react, I lunged myself towards the frightened Lucas. I could hear Kaspian gasp behind me in fear that I would cross the line, but my hand merely went to my sword impaled into the wall right behind the boy.
The blonde noble's eyes nearly bulged outside of their sockets as his face was just inches away from mine.
"My apologies. I merely dropped my sword and wanted it back," I whispered, my voice coming out deeper and more threatening, thanks to my mask.
I pried the blade out of the wall and sheathed it back into the cover I had used to break the guard's fingers. Turning around, I sat back on the couch, nonchalantly motioning at Kaspian.
On cue, the guild leader hastily responded. "Now, now! Mr. Lucas, your ear is bleeding heavily. Let me escort you to the medical room to get that fixed up."
Gently herding the noble brat and his guards out of the room, he turned back to me with an exasperated expression.
"You did well," Jasmine broke the silence, taking a seat as well. "But I'm afraid you've made enemies with one of the strongest houses in the Kingdom of Sapin."
"That's fine. He won't take action from what happened today. Despite that conceited attitude, Lucas is cautious. He knows that right now, if he doesn't go against me, I won't do anything more."
Leaning forward, I gripped tightly at the black sword I had refused to unsheathe until the end. I vowed silently that this wouldn't be the end.


Chapter 36: Precautions

KASPIAN BLADEHEART'S POV:
After escorting the runt of the Wykes House, I arrived back to my seat, tempted to burn the towering stack of paperwork that had accumulated over the past few days. After taking a deep breath, I slid a parchment from the top of the pile when the faint creak of the door tugs at my attention.
It was that adventurer, Note. Closing the door behind him, his warbled baritone voice whispers out in a barely-discernable sound.
"Mr. Bladeheart, you haven't forgotten what you said about wanting to truly help me, correct?"
I sharp chill runs down my spine; his seemingly harmless words stabbed into me like a looming threat. Ignoring my angst, I held my stoic facade, straightening my glasses before responding. "Of course. Your personal connection to Mrs. Flamesworth, as well as your own potential, had been regarded favorably by the Guild."
The masked adventurer, whose identity—or even age—I could not guess, nodded his head. I knew he was somehow connected to the Leywin household but even a thorough background search had turned out fruitless.
"Good," he answered. "I plan to take a very extensive break from being an adventurer, Kaspian, so I would like to implore you for a favor."
The way he talked sounded anything like an imploration, but I motioned for him to continue.
"Please, go on," I said, my curiosity aroused.
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
After the whole debacle regarding Lucas and his unwholesome actions down in the dungeon, there were a few things that needed to be settled.
For one, Lucas was to be tried for his 'un-adventurer-like' conduct, which needed to be held in front of a panel of judges comprised of high-rank guild workers.
Seated in the descending gallery of a small amphitheater-like room, I faced the panel along with Lucas as the elderly robed men behind the raised desk looked through their notes.
After a seemingly endless moment of unnerving silence, one of the elderly men that was taller than the four beside him stood up and cleared his throat. "On behalf of the Adventurer's Guild and the panel that is present here, I hereby declare the conjurer, Lucas Wykes, formally stripped of his A class ranking for sabotage and endangerment of his party members during a dungeon excursion. Furthermore, he is prohibited from re-enlisting as an adventurer until otherwise stated by the Guild. You may now hand in your card."
A thick-bearded panel member beside the one that had just spoken banged his gavel, creating a loud echo across the room as Lucas begrudgingly handed his enchanted card.
While normally, the sentencing would be filled with anxious family and friends, Lucas and I were the only ones present besides the judges. I had come to the conclusion that this was to keep news that could slander the Wykes House's name contained, but after hearing Lucas's verdict just now, I thought otherwise. Normally, what Lucas had done, down at the Dire Tombs, would be enough for him to be sentenced to imprisonment—on top of getting his title stripped. However, the vague addition that the elder made at the end, about him being prohibited from becoming an adventurer until otherwise stated left for a lot of loose ends.
I could only hold my tongue back and wait for this crooked sentencing to come to an end. Despite the rather lax sentence that Lucas had been given, the noble half-elf brat had an expression stitched on his face as if he'd just swallowed a live frog.
The only silver lining I could see in this was Lucas's family beating some sense into the twerp for shaming his family's name.
Lucas had been pretty riled up from my brazen act of retaliation back at Kaspian's office. Ever since then, I'm sure he had nothing but boiling rage pent up in that little body of his, but after learning from Kaspian that I had defeated the elderwood guardian, rather than escape from it, his rage-fueled vendetta had been filled with doubt.
"Next to be put on trial is the augmenter, Note. Faced with the clear enmity with Lucas Wykes and possible the whole Wykes Family displayed by the act of aggression against Lucas, on behalf of the panel and the entirety of the Adventurer Guild"—the judge glanced at his peers to his left and right—"I hereby declare a temporary ban from Xyrus City during the entire duration of Lucas Wykes' attendance at Xyrus Academy."
The gavel, once again, boomed throughout the room. To my right, I could feel Lucas's gaze bore into me as he waited for my reaction.
Putting on my best angry voice, I leaned forward on the podium. "Sir! I object to this punishment! Why am I to be reprimanded for Lucas's betrayal at the dungeon?" I slammed my fists down on the bench in front of me. All the while, even from my peripheral view, I could see Lucas's anxious face turn smug from my discontent.
I knew revoking his license didn't mean much to him and with me "out of the way," he didn't have to worry about anything.
"This is not a discussion! We are aware of the circumstances, which is why we chose not to revoke your license. You will be allowed to continue being an adventurer as long as we do not catch you near Mr. Wykes or his family." The judge's stern face glowered fiercer as his sharp gaze pierced through my mask.
"Wait! What about his identity? Wouldn't he be able to easily take his mask off and slip through inside the city and potentially harm me or my family?" Lucas raised his finger at me, now confident enough to push me down even further.
"We have already decided to have his identity recorded once this sentencing is over, Mr. Wykes. You will not be allowed to know of Mr. Note's identity for obvious reasons of ill intent against him or his family while select Guild Hall mages will keep tabs on Mr. Note's whereabouts, masked or not. This is not up for debate. This sentencing is over," another judge declared. All five of them stood up and left before either of us had the chance to refute.
Clicking his tongue, Lucas whipped his head, sending me a threatening gaze before walking with his entourage of guards that were waiting outside the door. Before stepping out of the room, he looked over his shoulder and shot me a look of haughty derision. "If you know what's good for you, you'd best be at least five towns over from me at all times."
"Idle threats as you run away make you seem petty, boy," I shot back. The problem child of the Wykes House turned scarlet as I turned back around to be escorted by the guards. Behind the raised desks that the panel of judges were seated behind was a narrow door that opened with a touch.
"No need to trouble yourselves, gentlemen. I know you all have been dying to get back. I'll escort Mr. Note here out through the back with the guards," the judge who had spoken throughout the trial said.
The rest of the panel must've placed a lot of trust in the man because the four of them graciously left just as we were about to head back. Stepping through the doorway, I readjusted my mask to make sure it wouldn't slip off as one of the judges let out a sigh.
"I trust that this little charade was to your satisfaction, Mr. Note?" His sharp white eyebrows furrowed even deeper.
"Your acting was bit over the top, but I think it was fairly well done," I shrugged. "Thank you for your cooperation."
Shaking his head, he gave me a helpless look. "No need. It wasn't on your behalf that I did this. I sincerely hope that I can trust you not to cause any further trouble? We will not be able to hide the truth from the Wykes Family forever, but as long as you do not go against them, they won't bother with you."
"I'm more careful than I look, Your Honor." I dipped my head in a quick bow. "Kaspian mentioned that there would be a passageway where I can safely remove my 'identity', right?"
"Yes. Your acquaintances await you on the other side." The judge fumbled around with a couple of the books on a nearby shelf and suddenly a passage opened up from the ground.
"I bid you farewell, Mr. Note, and I do hope that you will not forget this act of kindness from the Guild. I predict that there will be a time when we will call upon you for a favor, and it would be much appreciated that you remember what we did for you today."
"I see the top heads of the Adventurer's Guild are sly and crafty," I let out a chuckle. "At least you have the sense to know who to back. I'll remember."
I stepped down the stairs leading to the brief underground passageway as one of the guards closed the entrance behind me.
Opening the door on the other side, I was greeted by a rather painful head-butt from Sylvie.
"Gah!" I breathed out, clutching my stomach.
"Kyu!" Sylvie chirped as she scuttled to the top of my head. 'How did everything go, Papa? Is it over now? Can we go home?'
Jasmine and Elijah greeted me as well with a faint smile on their faces. "Everything's over. Let's go back home," I said to everyone.
Elijah asked, "Did you not want to visit Samantha?"
"I think it'd be better if I don't visit her. Jasmine, maybe you should stop by the hospital next time to check up on her?" Jasmine, who had remained silent the whole time, gave a slight nod as we continued walking.
We trekked across the border of the Beast Glades toward the nearest teleportation gate. While I had a few mental conversations with Sylvie, both Jasmine and Elijah stayed silent until the site of the gate came into view.
"Well, I guess we should split ways here, right?" Scratching his untidy black hair, Elijah shifted glances between Jasmine and I with a forced smile.
"What?" I spouted in surprise. "You're not coming with us, Elijah? Did you have something you needed to do?"
I automatically assumed that my newfound friend would come with us, but thinking back, I remembered that he wasn't from the Kingdom of Sapin.
"W-What? I mean, I don't really have anything planned but are you okay with me coming along with you? Elijah seemed taken aback by my surprise.
"W-What? I didn't really have anything planned but is it really okay to come along with you?" He straightens his glasses and coughs, trying to cover his embarrassed face.
"Well you and Jasmine should go through the portal separately from me, just in case anyone suspects something, but I thought it'd be good for you to stay with us for a bit before we go to school," I scratched my head.
"We? I-I don't understand. I never had plans to go to school." Elijah's eyes seemed even more lost behind his glasses than before so I filled him in.
"Well, seeing as your goal is to make a name for yourself in Sapin, it doesn't hurt to get yourself an education from Xyrus Academy," I smirked.
Elijah looked at me as if I had misspoken while even Jasmine raised a brow at my idea.
"I'm sorry, I still don't follow. How would I even get into the school? I mean… I might have the qualifications but not the background. Even the fact that I'm from Darv wouldn't give me any leeway to get into the school."
Putting an arm around his neck, I leaned against my friend. "Don't you worry about a thing, my bespectacled little nerd. Let your big brother take care of the small details."
"What big brother? You realize that I'm older than you, right? And what does 'nerd' mean, anyway?" Elijah chortled, throwing a light jab at my ribs. "Besides, I'm not so sure about the idea of going to school with so many students. How would I even fit in after spending my life with those antisocial dwarves?"
Just to sweeten the deal, I added, "You know, Lucas is going to be attending Xyrus Academy. Are you okay with me having all the fun?"
"I agree with Ar…Note. You can always go back to being an adventurer later." Jasmine glanced around to see if anyone heard the mistake she almost slipped out.
"Okay!" he relented as I squeezed him harder. "If you can somehow get me in, I'll go! Besides, someone's going to have to hold you back from murdering Lucas on the first day of school!"
"Good! Jasmine, can you take Elijah back to Helstea Manor? I have something I need to do first. I'll catch up to you guys!" I pushed them toward the portal just a bit ahead.
Jasmine nodded wordlessly and led Elijah away. After they were out of sight, my smile disappeared as I let out a small sigh.
"Come out," I called out calmly.
With a swish, Kaspian appeared beside me with his sheathed rapier tied to his waist.
"I am glad you took some precautions by sending the two of them away first," Kaspian nodded approvingly.
"Thanks for getting the judge to play along with the act. Lucas shouldn't be suspicious anytime soon," I replied with a nod.
"My pleasure. At this point, I'm simply glad that this has been solved without anyone dying." Kaspian chuckled, but I sensed his words were serious.
"I'm glad you think that way," I answered.
"Anyway, here's a little parting gift from me," the Guild Hall manager said, handing me a small pouch.
I pulled at the drawstrings, opening the red sack he had given me. Inside was a heap of gold coins enough to make a countryside boy like me faint.
However, I remained silent behind my mask and thanked him for the gift. As I turned and walked away, Kaspian called out from behind. "I advise you to use it to take appropriate precautions, Mr. Note. It'd be unwise to let your guard down, thinking you've cleared the mountain."
Without looking back, I raised an arm and waved back at Kaspian, heading towards the teleportation gate myself with Sylvie perched on my head.
Elijah attending Xyrus Academy wouldn't draw too much suspicion. Jasmine was close with the Helstea Family now, so having her vouch for Elijah would seem natural. I would make sure not to draw Dawn's Ballad whenever I was with Lucas on the journey. The only problem was that the brat would be sure to recognize Sylvie; he'd seen the small, feline form of Sylvie back at Guild Hall, after all.
"Sylvie?" I asked in concern as a bright glow emanated from atop my head. Taking her off my head, I could see my bond transforming once more.
Her pitch-black scales turned white as the horns sprouting from her head had completely receded. The scales on her lizard-like tail extended like fur as the scales on her body thinned out as well. As the bright glow subsided, I looked in surprise to see that my bond had once more taken on a complete transformation. The feline-lizard form that she once had been was nowhere in sight, replaced by the form of a fox. As I carefully ran my finger through her back, I could feel a soft pelt where her scales once were. Upon closer inspection, I could see that her fur was actually incredibly thin scales that took on the appearance of a soft coat over her body. Sylvie's body was almost completely covered in a snowy white pelt as her nose, paws, and the tips of her ears remained black.
'Is this better, Papa?' Sylvie's voice rang in my head as she curled up in my arms.
"How many forms can you change into?" I asked, astounded.
'I don't know, but I'm tired,' she replied. 'Good night.'
"Y-Yeah… Good night, Sylv," I muttered aloud, still baffled at her mysterious abilities. Did all dragons have the ability to alter their forms so completely? I knew her main form was that of a dragon, like the one we saw down at the dungeon, but being able to change her color and size even more wholly than her miniature black form was astounding.
I couldn't help but let out a wry smile at how conveniently my biggest problem had been solved.
Before going into the town the teleportation gate was in, I casted a weak electric current into the air to make sure I wasn't being spied on like I had been earlier. After confirming that I was alone, I removed my mask and coat behind a tree, placing it inside my bag.
Reaching the small town that looked more like an outpost, I weaved my way around the crowd of heavily-armored adventurers and robed merchants calling out the goods that they had collected. Clutching my sleeping bond tightly, I made my way to a random merchant and quickly sold my worn and chipped short sword for a few silver coins. Dawn's Ballad, my unimpressive-looking black stick, was still strapped tightly across my waist as I practically tumbled my way in through the front doors of an artifact shop.
"Welcome to Ecvius Artifacts," the store clerk said on impulse before looking at me. "Oh, hello little boy, are you lost?"
Playing along I shook my head, wiping the sweat off my brows. "No, my father just asked me to buy something for him since we're about to leave town."
"Aww," the woman cooed behind her desk. "How old are you?"
"Eleven," I replied, flashing an innocent smile.
"And you're already going on errands by yourself?" she smiled.
"Well, I have my pet here. But she's sleeping," I replied, cheerily holding up Sylvie, already getting tired of acting like a kid.
"I see, well how can I help you?" The store lady clasped her hands eagerly.
"I'm looking for a small dimensional storage artifact," I answered, surveying the tidy little shop filled with trinkets.
"Oh…" The store clerk looked at me in surprise but she quickly went to the back room behind the desk. "Here we are!"
The lady brought out a small box filled with a few cases. "This is where we keep all of our dimensional storage artifacts," she answered, unlocking the box. "Was there a particular size that your father wanted?"
As she opened containers one by one, bracelets, rings, necklaces and other accessories sparkled from the various gems that adorned them.
Just like the books I had read about the dimensional storage artifacts, they all seemed to be accessories that one could easily carry around without it being suspicious. This was because these particular artifacts had the ability to store and preserve items inside it, depending on its quality. Some highly-valuable dimensional artifacts were able to hold a wagon's worth of storage inside and its weight wouldn't even change.
The prices of these items were astronomical, but for people carrying valuable goods all the time, it was well worth it for them.
None of the books I had read really went into detail on how you could actually create one since most were handed down for generations, but one method was carefully splitting the storage space in a particular dimensional storage artifact and creating multiple lesser artifacts out of it.
"I just need one big enough to store this," I replied as I held up Dawn's Ballad for her to see, my eyes still focused on the few dimensional artifacts she had out.
"Hmmm… if it's only that, I think this ring should do it," she said, picking out a particular ring. I looked down to see that she had chosen an extravagant gold ring with a diamond imbedded into it, alongside other smaller gems.
"Do you have any that are less flamboyant?" I said, giving the ring back to her.
"Hmmm." Scratching her head, she combed through the box once more. "Aha! How about this?"
I opened the small box she had given me to see a dull, silver band inside.
"This ring's storage capacity is actually better than the gold ring I showed you before, but the smith that forged this insisted on leaving the ring in this plain state. This ring probably has enough space to fit your stick and a large luggage bag inside," she declared proudly, flashing me a very business-like smile.
I didn't waste any time in my decision. "I'll take it."
After haggling with the insistent woman, I managed to buy it for a handful of beast cores that I had picked up over that past year along with two hundred gold coins—and that was only because that was how much my 'father' had given me.
My total savings now consisted of a few silver coins and the S class elderwood's beast core that I had already partly used. I let out a deep, depressed sigh, reminiscing of the times when I could live happily with just a couple of copper coins back in Ashber Town. If Kaspian hadn't given me the a hundred gold coins to use to 'take precautions with' as I left, I wouldn't have had enough to even afford one.
After slipping the ring into my right thumb, since it was too big for any of my other fingers, I willed mana into both the ring and my sword. Instantly, the black sword glowed and got sucked up into the ring. I did the same with my mask and coat that was inside my bag and proceeded towards the teleportation gate Jasmine and Elijah had gone through at the center of the town.


Chapter 37: A Son, Brother, and Friend

As I stepped into the teleportation gate, the familiar nauseating sensation hit me. I could never get used to the teleportation gate, despite the number of times I went through it; the feeling of being stuck in a space where I had no control just didn't sit right with me.
Anxiously twiddling the dimension ring loosely dangling on my thumb as the blurred scenery zipped by, I couldn't help but get a headache just thinking about how how careful I would have to be once school started; I bought the ring so my sword wouldn't be in plain view. While I never used my teal-bladed sword as an adventurer, I did have it strapped to me in its dormant form at all times. I also caught Lucas eying it a few times with curiosity while we were in the dungeon together. If he saw it again on my person, it would be a dead giveaway.
Arriving at the other side of the gate in Xyrus, I heaved a big breath.
I was home.
Catching a carriage home, I passed by the Academy I would be attending. The premise was enormous and just looking at it from the outside, anyone could tell how much time and resources the Kingdom had put into this place. It seemed like its own separate world inside of the city, with various structures and landscapes changing throughout as I rode along the smooth roads.
"Sir, we have arrived at Helstea Manor." The driver got off and opened the door for me, tipping his hat as I stepped down gently, careful not to arouse my slumbering bond as I handed by driver a few copper coins. Taking one last look, I walked up the stairs I had become so familiar with.
I cradled Sylvie with one arm, feeling for the gentle expansion and retraction of her stomach to make sure she was just sleeping. Ever since her transformation, she had been fast asleep, filling me with unease. After prodding at my bond's mind once more, I knew she was okay—just sleeping heavily.
I hadn't even made it up the stairs when the large double doors flung open with a loud thud. In the center of the entranceway, a little girl stood with her hands resting on her hips like a scolding mother. On her face was an expression I couldn't quite describe; she appeared to be scowling, but flashes of excitement and joy leaked through her obvious facade.
With the same half-scowl-half-delighted expression, she gracefully leaped down the flight of stairs and bludgeoned me in the gut with the crown of her head.
I quickly raised my arms to get Sylvie out of harm's way, but I couldn't save myself as the wind quickly escaped from my mouth.
For a moment, we were both silent as I gently stroked Ellie's hair as her face remained buried in my chest.
"Welfom vack," she mumbled.
"Sorry?" I tried to pry my sister off me, but her arms squeezed harder around my waist in refusal to let go.
Ellie looked up with red, tear-filled eyes as she clung onto me like a baby koala. "I said welcome back, Big Brother."
"Thanks, Ellie. Good to be back," I replied with a smile. "Now how about you let me go?"
"That depends"—her almond-shaped eyes narrowed—"are you going to leave again?"
Letting out a chuckle, I shook my head. "No, I'm not."
"Then I'll let go." Releasing me from her grasp, she quickly wiped away her tears with her sleeve. She looked at me once more, this time, with a more lively expression. "Come on, let's go inside!"
She scurried back up the stairs, motioning for me to follow. As I trailed behind her, I couldn't help but remember how much she'd grown from when I had first met her after coming back from the elven kingdom. Ellie should be about eight right now. Her birthday was a few months before mine so there was always a period where she'd only be three years younger than me. For most people, that wouldn't matter, but for some odd reason, Ellie never failed to mention after her birthday that we were only three years apart.
As my train of thought shifted to her age and maturity, a sudden realization struck me like lightning. My sister, with her puppy-like eyes that shined brightly in a light sand color, and perky little nose that had become more defined as she lost more of her baby fat, was blossoming into a cute young lady.
This meant that, in a few years—if not sooner, boys would start gaining interest in her.
And when they started gaining interest in her, they'd begin making moves.
It'd start with little things like sharing lunches during snack-time at school. Then it'd escalate into holding hands.
Then, after getting comfortable, the cheeky bastard might try to sneak a quick peck on my sister's cheek!
After the cheek, it'd…
Oh no.
My eyes widened in horror as my mind zipped through the future years of Ellie's adolescence into full womanhood. I couldn't help but imagine my poor baby sister getting flocked by testosterone-filled boys that only knew how to think with their endocrine system.
I shook my head, trying to dislodge the cancerous thoughts, vowing to myself that I would gladly carry out whatever torturous deed is necessary to any boy—with even a speck of filth in their degenerate minds—who dared to make a move on my sister.
"Arthur!"
The sound of my mother's voice snapped me back to reality. She and my father came running forward, both with relieved and joyful expressions lined in their faces.
My father, whose body seemed to even be muscular despite his age, scooped me up with a bright grin.
"My boy!" he beamed. "You haven't grown at all!"
"Your beard's longer, old man. Trying to match the wrinkles on your face?" I smirked, wrapping my arm around my dad's neck.
"Hey! That's my husband you're talking about!" my mother chided as my father put me back down. "Now come here."
My mother wrapped her arms around me in warm embrace. As she let me go, I could tell by her red eyes that she was trying her best to keep her tears back.
"Sorry for worrying you," I said, seeing the pain in her eyes.
Sniffing a sob back, she looked up and quickly wiped away a stray tear before smiling at me. "You take just after your father, you know that? Always getting into trouble, always worrying me. W-When the ring activated…"
She stopped talking as tears rolled down her cheeks. Still, her smile never went away as she chided me, her eyes peering at me with love and worry.
My father wrapped his arm around Mother's shoulder, pulling her close. "Your mother couldn't sleep for days after the ring activated. We both knew you wouldn't have died that easily, but it couldn't stop us from worrying."
"I'm sorry for worrying you," I repeated as my heart dropped to my stomach.
"Thankfully, the status on the masked swordsman, or Note, was updated at Guild Hall, saying that you and your party arrived at the branch near the Beast Glades," my father continued, tousling my hair with his free hand.
Ellie, who was hiding behind Father for some reason, took a peek out from behind him.
"I seem to cause nothing but concerns for you guys," I said with a wry smile before looking at my sister. "I'm sorry, Ellie, for being away so much and making Mom and Dad cry."
"I forgive you," Ellie sniffled, hiding behind our father again.
"It's a parent's job to worry for her children," my mother soothed. "Although, you seem to be fulfilling your end of the bargain a little too well."
My mother, taking a glance at my little sister, turned to me and whispered just loudly enough for everyone to hear, "And don't worry about your sister. She was waiting by the window the whole day since your friend, Elijah, came in with Jasmine."
"Mom!" Ellie gasped. "That was supposed to be a secret!"
My little sister clung hard onto my mother, making her submit as we all laughed.
"I guess that's my cue?" Elijah chimed in from the top of the stairs leading to the second floor. My newfound friend had been waiting for our little family reunion to end with Vincent and Tabitha.
"Took you long enough to get here. Did you decide to take a small tour before coming here?" Elijah joked as he hopped down the stairs.
"I wanted a break from your unsightly mug," I retorted, giving him a snide grin. "Where's Jasmine, anyway?"
"She already went back with the Twin Horns," he answered, removing his glasses and wiping them with the end of his shirt.
Looking at the bespectacled young man, it was hard for me to recall how inexpressive and cold he appeared to be when I had first seen him in the testing grounds.
"Arthur Leywin! The prodigious son returns!" Vincent clasped my back, locking his arms around me with a tight bearhug.
"We're glad you're back safe, Arthur." Tabitha followed behind him, pulling me into a lavender-scented hug as well.
"Thank you," I smiled, dipping my head. "For everything, I mean. Taking care of my family and allowing us to stay—"
"Ah," Vincent interrupted with a finger held up. "You're going to make this old man sad if you act so formal. Come now, I thought you had finally warmed up to us!"
"He's right, you know," Tabitha joined in. "Please, Arthur, your family is a part of our family. No need to distance yourself with formalities. Just think of us as your aunt and uncle."
"You're right," I smiled, stopping myself from apologizing once more.
At her words, I realized that there was one person absent from the Helstea Family. But before I could ask, Vincent caught my gaze and let out a chuckle.
"If you're looking for Lily, she's not here." Vincent had a wicked smile on his face while Tabitha rolled her eyes at him.
"Lily got accepted into Xyrus Academy. She started attending last fall after she turned twelve," Tabitha filled me in.
"Wow," I beamed. "So she's really learning to be a mage! I'm glad!"
Tabitha nodded at this. "Yes. She really wanted to be here when you came back to tell you herself but unfortunately, spring semester started, so she's stuck in the dorms until break."
"But it's all thanks to you, Arthur! Never would've figured, after generations of nothing, that a mage would be born into the Helstea House! Now come—all of you—no need to stand around here when we have a perfectly good set of couches in the living room!"
After being herded into the next room over, we began discussing my time as an adventurer.
There were some details that I left out for my family's sake—I exchanged glances with Elijah when I skipped the part where Lucas betrayed us—but other than that, I made sure to fill them in to the best of my ability.
My sister, who was sitting cross-legged on the couch across from me with Sylvie sleeping in her lap, was wide-eyed the entire time as I recalled the dungeon experience with Elijah. Her eyes practically sparkled at the fantasy-like fable, but it wasn't just her that became enraptured by the story.
The audience couldn't believe it when Elijah continued the story on for me and told them about how I had defeated the elderwood guardian. They refused to believe us until I finally pulled out the beast core. It was then that they were forced to swallow their doubts as they stared in awe at the dull green orb that was smaller than my fist.
"Speaking of core. Dad, what stage are you at?" I asked.
Giving me an embarrassed chuckle, he answered, "I've been stuck at the bottleneck of the dark orange stage since you left. No matter how much I meditate and purify mana, I can't seem to break through."
"Perfect. Use this then." I tossed the core to my father, catching him by surprise. "I had to use a bit while I was healing but there should be enough in this beast core to help you break through."
Handling the small orb like it was made godsent, he shook his head with a frozen expression. "Son, I can't. This is something you fought for with your life. I can't just take this from you."
I was prepared to shove the orb down my father's throat when my mother chimed in. "Honey, I'm sure Arthur isn't giving this to you on a whim. If he wants you to have it, it's for a good reason."
"Listen to your wife, Rey. The boy must have his reasons. You're his father, for God's sake. Get stronger, it'll help me as well!" Vincent laughed.
Tabitha just chuckled at this. "Alice, your son brought quite the present."
"For the amount of worrying he caused me, I'm still weighing whether it was worth it!" my mother joked, exchanging a laugh with her friend.
"You have to catch up to me, Dad. You can't let your son leave you in the dust, right?" I smirked, attracting confused gazes.
My father looked up at me. "Don't tell me…"
"Yup"—I leaned back on the couch—"Light orange stage."
Vincent's eyes practically bulged as his wife let out a sharp breath in awe.
"Sweet mother of—that's just ridiculous," Vincent breathed out, shaking his head.
My family took the news a lot better, indicating that they were used to their monster of a son.
My father held up the elderwood's beast core with a renewed fervor in his eyes. "Don't cry when your old man beats you down the next time we duel, then."
"You're on," I grinned back.
We shifted topics after a few more awestruck comments by Vincent and Tabitha.
The next order of things had to do with Elijah. He had told everyone about his background before I had arrived but left it at that. I explained to my family and the Helstea wife and husband that he was both a close friend and a benefactor who saved both Jasmine's life and mine.
"How would you feel about sponsoring Elijah so he could attend Xyrus Academy with me?" I finally said.
'I'll have to talk it over with Director Cynthia, if I can make that old woman squeeze in some time for me, but I don't see why not!" Vincent answered with a grin. His eyes twinkled underneath his glasses as he studied the anxious Elijah. From the stories he'd heard today, there was no doubt that the inner businessman in him had flared in excitement.
Investing in future generations of mages was a large part of what rich folks did in order to maintain their power and status later on.
Vincent excused himself first, saying that he was going to write a letter to the Director of Xyrus Academy right now. My father went out into the backyard, saying he was going to start training immediately, so it was just my mother, Ellie, Elijah, Tabitha and myself left in the living room.
My mother and Tabitha took turns squeezing out more details from when I was adventuring before my mother insisted I have a checkup from her to make sure I didn't have any lasting wounds.
I told her I was fine and that I'd put the glove she gave me to good use. She didn't seem too happy about the fact that I had actually been in a situation where I had to use it on myself but she was just glad I was still in one piece.
I talked a bit more with my baby sister. She was curious as to why Sylvie changed appearance and why she was sleeping. After explaining that she was tired from the adventure, I realized how drained I was.
"Mom, Aunt Tabitha, I think I'm going to head up with Elijah as well. I'm a bit worn from the journey."
"Of course. Don't forget to wash up before sleeping." My mother smiled at us as Elijah respectfully wished everyone a good night.
"Goodnight, Brother! Goodnight, Elijah!" my sister chimed, carefully handing me my bond.
After we excused ourselves, Elijah and I headed up to my room. "Elijah, you wash up first; I'm going to organize my things."
The maid brought the set of sleepwear I asked for and I absentmindedly walked into the bathroom to give it to Elijah.
"Hey! I'm naked!" Elijah yelped, snapping me out of my thoughts. My friend nearly slipped on the damp floor as he fumbled to cover himself.
"Relax, Princess. I can hardly make out your shape because of the steam," I lied as I left the bathroom.
With his black hair dripping on the floor, Elijah walked out of the bathroom, the set of pajamas I had given him and a small absorbent cloth draped over his shoulders.
"Dang. I didn't realize how great a warm shower is," Elijah sighed, his eyes covered by his fogged-covered glasses. "Your turn."
Elijah was right, the hot water was pure bliss on my bare body. After quickly washing myself, I carefully cleaned Sylvie with the damp washcloth. I wasn't sure if it was because she could sense that I was near her, but she didn't stir at all from her sleep.
Laying side-by-side in the one large bed that occupied one side of the room, Elijah and I began talking.
"Is this line of pillows between us really necessary?" I asked, placing Sylvie on the pillow above my head.
"Shut up. It's weird already that two boys are sleeping on the same bed," Elijah retorted, stacking more pillows between us.
I couldn't help but realize that, in the mind of a twelve-year-old boy, being uncomfortable in this situation wasn't odd.
"Would you have preferred that I was a girl?" I smirked, shifting in my side of the bed to get comfortable.
Elijah's head popped up from the other side of the pillow wall. "Do you think we'll learn a lot at Xyrus Academy?" Elijah asked, ignoring my snide remark.
"Who knows? I imagine it'll be a little boring, no? Both of us are well above the skill level of the first years there."
"But there will be people from all those powerful families. I imagine there will be a few who are on my level, right? I'm really excited to learn how to start controlling my powers. I'm glad that Xyrus has a lot of famous mages to learn from," Elijah gushed, his face lit with excitement.
"Yeah. I think it'll be useful learning more about lightning and ice attribute skills." I look down at my hands. These hands had grown a lot faster than I imagined. Just a few years ago, my hands were that of an infant. Just like my abilities, my body would continue to grow and mature. The thought of that, along with experiencing everything I couldn't in my past life, filled me with excitement.
"Hey," Elijah called out, interrupting my train of thought. "Have you thought of what you're going to do about Lucas?"
"Lucas has no idea who I am," I replied. "And until I'm confident that I can confront his whole family, I'll have it stay that way for the time being. Training comes first."
"Well you know you can count me in. Lucas is probably going to have it out for me when he sees me but he doesn't think too much of me," Elijah replied. "I still can't believe that ass tried to sacrifice all of us so that he could escape."
"He is an ass," I agreed. "But we're probably going to meet more people like him along the way, maybe even worse."
Elijah was silent for a moment, hidden behind the stack of pillows between us inside our dark room. Suddenly, his head popped up once more and he stared seriously at me.
"Hey, Arthur. Do you think I'll find a girlfriend at Xyrus?"
Caught off guard, I let out a cough.
"Wow, your train of thought is really all over the place," I let out before breaking into a fit of laughter.
Even with only the dim, pale light of the moon lighting up our bedroom, I could Elijah's face turn red.
"I'm being serious, you ass!" he exclaimed, smacking me with one of the many pillows between us.
"For such a serious-looking guy, you sure worry about normal things," I chuckled. "Don't worry, I'm sure you'll meet some black-haired girl with glasses. Then you two will get married and make cute little babies with black hair and glasses and live happily ever after."
"Do you think babies are born with glasses or something?" Elijah snorted. "Besides, I'm sure you won't have any trouble getting the ladies with your disgustingly prince-like features."
"Am I smelling a hint of envy?" I joked.
"You're smelling just a hint?"
"Meh, don't worry. The girls our age just look like babies to me," I comforted. "I won't take your thunder, my four-eyed friend. Until you find yourself a nice girl, focus on getting better control of your powers."
"You're right," Elijah muttered from the other side of the bed. "Thanks."
"What was that?" I asked, not making what he whispered.
"Nothing, you ass. I hope you fall on your face while you sleep!" he snapped.
"Good night to you too," I grumbled, turning to my side.
My mind, which was once filled with various thoughts on the future, faded into a dull blur as sleep overtook me.


Chapter 38: In the Meantime

The dim ray of the rising sun managed to peek through a gap in the deep burgundy curtains right over my eyelids, waking me up rather pleasantly. Rubbing my crusted eyes, I took a moment to silently take in my surroundings. The Helstea Manor wasn't built with attackers in mind, so the exposed stone walls were rather thin, instead, allowing for more windows. The room I had been occupying was large but hardly lavish, with only a large dresser to occupy the center of one wall and a desk situated in the corner of another. The only luxury I indulged myself in was the fact that I had my own private washroom, with a heated water supply—something I realized to be truly rare in this world.
Shifting my glance to the unabashed figure of Elijah sprawled out beside me in bed, I shook my head with a smirk. The pillow fort that my friend had insisted on at first had long gone out of trend. Whether it was due to the fact that he had become more comfortable with me, or because building a pillow wall every night seemed to be hassle, I never asked.
Carefully getting out of bed, I gently stroked Sylvie's head, making her gingerly stretch out like a cat. My bond had ended up sleeping for four days straight before eventually awakening. She explained to me that changing forms like she had a few days before would put a bit of a toll on her body, which was the cause of her deep slumber.
Sylvie stirred awake for a few seconds before letting out a yawn and curling back beside my pillow. I walked over to the dresser, unhinging a thicker robe to wear over my sleepwear to fight against the frigid morning air that I had become unaccustomed to.
It was only a little past dawn so the manor that seemed to always be bustling with maids and my little sister was still very peaceful, with the only noises coming from the few cooks in the kitchen getting ready for the day. Not bothering to wash up, I made my way to the backyard where I felt fluctuations in mana. As expected, my father was busy training, absorbing the S class beast core I had retrieved from the dungeon.
Not wanting to disturb his training, I found a place to sit next to him and I began studying his aura. My father, Reynolds Leywin, ex-party member of the Twin Horns, was stuck at a bottleneck—unable to exceed past the dark orange stage.
Over the past few days I'd been back home, I had spent a lot of time overlooking the mana circulation in my father's body, as well as Elijah's.
As expected, Elijah's mana veins, the veins responsible for absorbing mana from the surrounding atmosphere, were incredibly wide. My father, on the other hand, had much more developed mana channels, the arteries that allowed diverse distribution of mana throughout the body, since he was an augmenter. However, while its been developed to its limit, it was hardly exceptional.
"Ah! You're up early today, son. Why didn't you say anything?" My father got up, wiping the sweat off of his face and neck with a towel he had on his lap.
"I didn't want to disturb your training, Dad. How are things going?" I got up as well and began stretching.
"It took a few days, but finally finished absorbing the rest of the beast core. For some reason, though, the core didn't crumble." He handed the S class core back to me with a curious look on his face. Usually, after the purified mana stored inside the beast core is depleted, the beast core would crumble into fine dust.
Thinking it peculiar myself, I put it into my pocket to study later.
My father had been doing little else except eating and sleeping for an hour or so during the process of absorbing the beast core. At first, not much difference in levels could be felt, but looking at his aura now, I could see a noticeable change.
Noticing my inquisitive look, he shot me a smirk and tossed me his dirty towel. "Your father has now passed the dark orange stage into the solid orange stage."
I gave my father an exaggerated round of applause as he began flexing his muscles in demonstration of his accomplishments.
"Congrats, Dad. Now that you're at solid orange stage, I think it'll be okay to teach you something I've been messing around with." I tossed the towel onto a nearby chair.
Giving me a curious look, he beckoned for me to continue.
Focusing a tiny bit of mana into the palm of my right hand, I will a small flame to ignite. "Here is the most basic flame attribute technique you learn, Ember." I shoot the small flame from my palm toward the towel that was hanging off the nearby metal chair.
As expected, the small flame, by the time it reached its target, was so diluted that all it left was a tiny black soot mark in the middle of the white towel.
"If you're talking about mana theory, it's not anything new to me, son. For augmenters, since we produce mana from within our bodies, the farther the mana travels away from us, the more diluted and weaker it becomes."
"I wasn't trying to demonstrate mana theory. That'll be for next time, Dad." I wagged my finger at him, earning myself a hard thump on the head.
Rubbing my head, I willed another small portion of mana into the palm of my hand. I ignited another flame but whereas the first time the color of the flame was bright red, this one was orange. "Now watch, Dad." I shot the small flame, that was the same size as the previous flame, at the towel once more, but this time, it burned a small hole through the towel.
My father didn't show much of a reaction. "Didn't you just add more mana into the flame to make it stronger?"
Shaking my head, I explained. "If I added more mana, the flame would be bigger. Dad, did you notice the color of the flame?"
"Yeah, the color was a bit lighter—more orange." He scratched his head, trying to piece this puzzle together.
"That's the key! What I did just now was a technique that is considered a high level spell used by conjurers." I grew excited as I began explaining it to him.
"You see, fire's temperature—or more accurately—the rate of combustion, depends on a mix of different things: the amount of oxygen in the atmosphere, thermal radiation, the type of fuel being burned, the oxidation of the fuel and so on. The so-called 'fuel' being burned, in this case, is fire attribute mana. What I discovered while playing around with it is how versatile this 'fuel' can be. That orange flame, Dad, was a flame much hotter than the previous one, making it even stronger." I stopped to take a breath.
My father shoots me an expression as if I had just talked to him in Hebrew but he seemed to have understood the last portion of my explanation. "So what you're saying is that, by using the same amount of mana, I can produce an even hotter flame for my techniques?" He fiddled with his beard while pondering.
"Exactly! Watch, it can go even further." I demonstrated again, this time producing a yellow flame, which left an even bigger hole in the towel, with the ridges still aflame.
I didn't stop there. The last demonstration took a bit more time, since I had to manipulate, very carefully, the fire attribute mana in my palm. After a couple of minutes, I produced a dim blue flame, which made my father's eyes go wide. Upon throwing the blue flame at the towel, the towel instantly combusted and the fire spread rapidly, eating away at the towel until only ashes were left.
"Are you sure you're my son?" My father gave me a suspicious eye before smiling.
Smiling back, I replied, "I must've gotten Mom's brain, right?"
Just then, Elijah walked in, his hair a bird's nest and his glasses crooked. He cast a drowsy glance toward us, taking in the sight of me clinched in a headlock by my father who was squeezing hard at my nose as I tapped in resignation.
"What are you guys doing?" he said as he yawned, rubbing his eyes.
"Training." We replied in unison, my voice coming out nasally through my pinched nose.
I gave my father a few key pointers in controlling the structure of his flame attribute mana so he could produce higher-level flames. Changing the structure of the attribute mana was basically the essence of chanting a spell. Using vocal incantations could condition the brain to change the structure of the mana in the atmosphere to create a spell.
While settling into a meditative position, my father asked, "Son, why did I have to achieve solid orange stage in order to learn this though?"
"The higher your mana core stage, not only do you have a larger pool of mana to draw from, the purified mana inside of you becomes higher quality, so you can have more control over the miniscule properties of it," I clarified, turning my focus unto Elijah.
Nodding in understanding, my father resumed his training, holding his right palm up and willing mana into it.
Elijah's training was a bit slower. What I realized with Elijah was that his control over his main element, Earth, was unstable, metal even more. It wasn't so much as a problem with mana manipulation of earth attribute mana, but more so the quantity. Elijah's lack of control over the strength of his power made it so he couldn't make precise and coordinated spells.
One thing that continued to baffle me about Elijah's magic was how unfair it was. Earth was powerful, yet limited in the sense that conjurers and augmenters alike could only make do with the earth that was accessible to them. Most of the time, that wasn't a problem, but it still gave a certain amount of predictability in the attacks that earth mages used.
Elijah, on the other hand, seemed to have the ability to change the structure of molecules and change them into earth. The closest thing I could think of that may explain it was something akin to alchemy. Elijah, for example, could summon earth spikes from trees and buildings made of wood. A limitation is that he wasn't able to conjure earth spells from water or thin air, but his capability to so easily change the structure of earth and its properties was frightening, even to me.
When I thought about the possibilities of how his powers could be used, I thought of the spell, Petrification. When normal earth conjurers used the petrification spell, it was actually just using the surrounding earth to form around the target, "petrifying" him. Elijah, on the other hand, if he became adept enough, could literally change a human into stone.
I shook my head to dismiss my frightening thoughts. At this point, I was just glad that Elijah was a friend, not a foe.
Elijah's training consisted of playing around with a small ball of earth. He had practiced doing different things with the small ball of earth: rotating it really fast, changing the shape of it, expanding it, condensing it, splitting it into different pieces, etc. This way, he could train both his mana control and shorten his incantations by learning the so-called "theory" of how the spells worked.
As my father and friend concentrated on their training, I headed back to my room, leaving the two of them alone. I couldn't help but smile at the sight of my bond sleeping so defenselessly on my pillow. She was most likely still recovering from her transformation, observing the amount of time she still spent sleeping; fortunately, these periods of slumber had been getting shorter.
Sitting on the edge of the bed, I took out the beast core my father had returned to me, probing it with a string of mana. The mana inside had been depleted so I was curious as to why it hadn't dissolved. However, upon probing a bit deeper, a sharp pain in my left arm made me drop the beast core.
"What the hell?" I rubbed the rune on my arm that I had always covered underneath Sylvia's feather. Carefully picking up the beast core again, I probed it once more, even more intrigued than before. Suddenly, inside the vast black space of the beast core that I was studying, the shadowed figure of the elderwood guardian that I almost lost my life to appeared, bowing at me with its lance pointed directly upward.
"A beast will!" I trembled in excitement as I clutched harder at the invaluable prize I had obtained from the dungeon. What would happen if I were to integrate with two beasts? Was that possible? Would I then have two? Or would this one replace my Dragon's Will?
While I was thinking of these things, a sudden feeling interrupted me. It wasn't as intimate as the mental transmissions I had with Sylvie, but a primitive form of communication. Realizing that it was from the will of the elderwood guardian, I injected more mana into the beast core, hoping it would somehow allow me to have a better connection with it.
"I see," I muttered aloud. A feeling of disappointment washed over me as I let go of the beast core. From what the elderwood guardian was trying to express, if I were to try and absorb this beast's will, only the stronger of the two would end up being left. It made sense, but what I didn't understand was, why wasn't my father able to absorb the beast's will?
I realized the answer almost immediately after remembering what Grandpa Virion, that crazy old elf, taught me a few years back. There was the matter of compatibility between the beast's element and the mage's element attribute.
I couldn't help but let out a small smile knowing who to give this to.
'Good morning, Papa! Why are you smiling?' Sylvie cuddled up on my lap and let out a purr as I stroked her fur-like scales.
"I'm just thinking of how fun school is going to be," I answered.
"Brother! Wake …oh!" My sister slammed the door open but after seeing me awake, she just stood by the door.
Walking up, I patted my sister's small head with a smile. "Let's go eat!"


Chapter 39: Introspection

"Whew." Wiping the sweat off my body with a towel I then hung nearby, I put my robe back on. I stood on the backyard patio with only the full moon illuminating the area. Sylvie was curled up beside me, her now white fur heaving up and down, matching the pace of her breathing.
With everyone else asleep, I had the peace of training to my heart's content. These past few weeks, I'd been doing little outside of training myself as well as helping the growth of Elijah and my father, with a few pointers for my baby sister as well.
Ellie hasn't been training much but her progress was still pretty decent. I predicted that she'd awaken around eleven if she kept at her pace, maybe even ten if she actually started trying more. I found it oddly satisfying when I watched my sister play with the friends she had made at the School for Ladies, a small class of noble young girls gathered together to be taught etiquette and basic household skills. Early on, I learned that this general population believed that "proper" and "refined" ladies should have both the manners and grace of a queen, while still being able to cook and sew for her husband.
In the world I lived before, women worked just as much as men, and the whole "women should stay at home" saying became taboo, often incurring the wrath of many females and other males alike if said aloud.
However, the things Ellie learned in school seemed to only be reserved for the public, because though Ellie was asleep now, she'd made a fuss beforehand, saying she wouldn't go to bed if I didn't stay with her until she fell asleep.
I couldn't help but chuckle when I compared that spoiled behavior to the refined, graceful façade she'd put on in front of her friends, acting all lady-like and whatnot. I'd almost burst out laughing when she addressed me as "dear honorable brother" in front of the couple of girls her age at her tea party.
My sister's birthday was coming up soon and I could tell she was eagerly wondering what present I would give her. Knowing her, she would probably love whatever I gave her as long as I gave it some thought, but with my personality, I wanted to give her something functional as well. The problem was, I was out of money. This blasted dimension ring costed me all the gold I earned as an adventurer.
I thought a little bit about what I could do to earn money when something came to mind. One obvious advantage I had was the fact that my mind contained ideas and inventions that hadn't been developed in this world yet.
With a satisfied grin on my face, I turned back to training. There were two things I was focusing on outside of developing my mana core, which I estimated would reach dark yellow stage by the time school started in autumn. One was training heavily on my lightning and ice attribute skills, which were by far my strongest assets.
I decided I'd keep my fire, water, lightning and ice skills a secret during my stay at Xyrus Academy. Being an adept dual-elemental augmenter was the most attention I would want during my years there, and since Lucas had only seen me use fire elemental skills during the dungeon excursion and at the testing grounds, it'd be even harder for him to fit the pieces together if I only used earth and wind magic. If I purposely didn't train my earth and wind magic at all until I entered the academy, it'd be more than enough to pass off myself as a mere 'talented genius' that wouldn't raise too many eyebrows.
I opened one of the books I brought with me from the library. I managed to find some of the limited books on deviation skills, containing a few segments on lightning and ice. It seemed that, for lightning, there were two main methods that augmenters opted to. One was internal, and the other was external. Because of the unique properties of lightning compared to other elements and their deviants, there were some individuals who focused on using internal lightning skills, which was stated as much more difficult.
Thunderclap Impulse was one of the internal lightning techniques that I had developed, which could be seen as the stepping stone into much more powerful skills. The book only went on to say that, for internal lightning users, most reached a ceiling quite early on before ultimately switching to external techniques. This meant that internal lightning skills hadn't been developed enough for people to actually find advantages in it.
This was also the route that I chose to go. While I would have some external lightning skills under my belt, I knew from experience just how much more powerful internal skills were compared to the external counterparts. Of course, it may not be as flashy but what I wanted wasn't a dazzling light show—I wanted absolute power. It'd take time and patience to develop but I already knew the rewards would be tremendous as I imagined the levels above just using a small current of lightning to quicken my reaction.
As for my ice elemental skills, I wanted to focus on a wide range skills to fight against multiple opponents. The combination skill of White Fire and Absolute Zero was my strongest skill, which I could only use under the massive power-up I got from the second phase of my Dragon's Will, Integrate. I imagined that, for now, even if I had the technique and theory down for either lightning or ice, I'd need to be in the Integrate phase if I wanted to use the more powerful skills.
I couldn't help but grow a little impatient at this fact but there wasn't much I could do now except train. I had so many advantages but I was still dissatisfied with the level of power I had. I could say with confidence that, if I were to fight against the former me from my old world, I would win. The amount of mana in this world and the fact that I had Dragon's Will alongside mana rotation, I could easily overpower my previous self. However, the world I was in was filled with dangers much greater than the dangers in my old world, so growing complacent would end up being detrimental.
I picked up the other book that I brought, which was on beast wills. I'd already read it once so I skipped to the part on training it, which made me sigh in helplessness. I saw this coming, but I couldn't help but grow disheartened when I read it the first time. It seemed that the best way to train the beast will acquired was being taught by the beast itself. The only other alternative mentioned was to study thoroughly about the beast itself so the beast tamer could learn and practice the traits of the beast.
Option one was obviously out of the question, seeing as Sylvia either died or become hostage to whatever being that black-horned figure was. Option two had its limit as well. The fact that I could even use one of the 'acquire' skills and even go into Integrate phase was because of the perks in being a Legacy Tamer, where a certain amount of insight came alongside the Will. Even for a dragon, she seemed so unique; I couldn't even imagine what sort of powers she had. I wished she had left me some clues as to what some of her powers were before everything happened.
"Snap out of it!" I said aloud while smacking both of my cheeks. Bringing myself down on what I didn't have wasn't going to solve anything.
Besides training my lightning and ice attribute magic, the other skill I wanted to learn was magic cancellation.
The theory was that elemental attribute mana was manipulated, whether through the form of a spell or through extensive knowledge of the skill, into the projected destination or into the caster's own body. Speaking very technically, these mana particles were basically coded to affect either the atmosphere or the specific target to produce a certain outcome. There was a very small delay from when the mage casted the coded mana particles and when those particles had an effect and formed the spell.
During that delay, if I was able to potentially disrupt those mana particles with mana of my own, I would be able to discreetly terminate the spell without it even forming.
While in theory that sounded amazing, there were several problems. One, in order for this to even work, I would have to know what spell the opponent was using. That wasn't a problem when the conjurer or even the augmenter chanted the spell, but in cases of mental chanting, or even instacasting, I would have to know what the spell was by the makeup of the mana during the near split-second the manipulated mana particles were cast before it took effect and formed a spell.
This required learning a tremendous amount of spells and figuring out which skills could effectively cancel them out. Just thinking about that left me with a headache. Most spells could be figured out with magic theory but being able to almost instantly think of the correct spell to counteract the opponent's meant I needed to know it by heart. However, I knew that mastering this skill would be a priceless asset, especially for someone like me, who was able to manipulate all four elements.
I picked up my books and towel with one hand and picked up Sylvie with the other and headed back up to my room. Vincent offered another room for Elijah but my parents wouldn't allow it since he was a Leywin guest, which meant he should just stay in one of our rooms. As a compromise, I asked them to just bring in another bed for Elijah, since the room was more than spacious enough.
Returning back to my room, Elijah was already fast asleep, straight on his back with his arms folded on his chest, as if he was lying in a coffin.
Even when he slept, he looked like such a straight and proper fellow. Elijah was a good friend and it helped that our personalities complimented each other. Elijah was pretty peculiar. Despite his straight-laced, stern appearance—mainly due to the hair and glasses—he was a very emotional lad. He was logical in a way where he had set principles that he never strayed from, making him very honest and trustworthy, but when it came to people and relationships, he often thought with his 'heart,' leaving him quite vulnerable if people chose to take advantage of him.
As for me, whether it was because I lived and remember my previous life, I could only see myself as analytical and somewhat scheming. I had to admit that I had a hard time trusting people completely and always tried to think a couple steps ahead. I somewhat regretted the lack of innocence I had compared to normal eleven-year-olds, but one thing I had grown to realize was that, when it came to the few close relationships I did have, I would become very invested in them, almost to a fault. Did it have something to do with being an orphan in my previous life? Because the only close person I had was the caretaker that picked me up and was later killed?
Even as a King, I couldn't say with confidence that I had been the most mature, and in many aspects. I would even say I wasn't very King-like, but one thing that I couldn't change was the amount of importance I had to those I held dearly.
After taking a quick shower, I sunk into bed, causing Sylvie to stir in her sleep. She cuddled by me and started breathing steadily again, and the slow rhythm of her breaths lulled me to sleep.


Chapter 40: New Winds

"Brother wake up!!!!"
"Oof!" I groaned, the wind forcefully expelled out of my lungs as my sister jumped on top of me.
Rubbing my sore sternum, I gasped out, "Ellie, you're not a little kid anymore. You're going to seriously hurt me one day."
"Are you calling me fat, Brother?" Ellie feigned a gasp.
"Extremely," I added, tossing her off of me. My little sister let out surprised squeal as I tickled her.
This little rascal, only learning useless things at that school for proper ladies or whatnot.
After a tear-filled surrender by my sister, I turned to see Elijah already showered and clothed, his glasses still clouded from the steam. "I swear, you sleep like a log, Art. Your wife is going to seriously have to use spells to wake you up when you get older."
"Shaddup," I slurred, too tired to make a witty comeback.
After quickly washing my face and fixing my hair to a barely-presentable degree, the four of us, with Sylvie on top of my head, headed downstairs.
'I wonder what's for breakfast. I hope it's meeeaaat,' Sylv pondered excitedly, her little fox head swaying side to side in anticipation.
"Good morning, you four! You guys are just in time," my mother called out to us from the kitchen as the maids were preparing the table. Even though there were cooks in the manor, my mother found it imperative to at least prepare breakfast for us. So, as Tabitha helped her with the meal, the maids set the table and cleaned up afterwards.
After I came back, my family, as well as Vincent and Tabitha, both noticed the apparent change in appearance of Sylvie. I tried playing it off as her naturally transforming after digesting a lot of beast cores, but I had the sense that my parents and the Helsteas knew Sylvie wasn't just your average mana beast; hell, I'd sometimes catch them talking to her like she was a human.
"Good morning, boys—and good morning, my little princess. Did you guys sleep well?" My father, who was talking to Vincent, turned to us, giving my struggling sister a bearded kiss on her cheek.
"Ew, Dad! That tickles!" She pushed him away, wiping the spot she was kissed.
"Did you guys sleep well?" Vincent asked, half-smirking as he watched my father dote on Ellie.
"Good morning Aunt Leywin, Aunt Tabitha, Uncle Vincent and Uncle Reynolds," Elijah announced before he sat down next to me. He'd stopped calling my parents "Lord" and "Lady" as he got closer to them, eventually calling everyone either "Aunt" or "Uncle."
After saying good morning to everyone, I got back to my seat and started eating a ham and vegetable omelet with a very light soup.
While eating, my father suddenly spoke up with a mouth full of eggs. "That reminds me. Kids, if you don't have any plans, do you want to go with us to City Square? There's a big announcement in the Capital City of Etistin where the King and Queen reside but a couple of artificers are going to put up a live projection of the broadcast in City Square."
"Honey, please don't talk with your mouth full," my mother gently scolded before getting back to her conversation with Tabitha regarding the latest rumors on some mutual acquaintances. It seemed like she was getting along quite well with the noble ladies of Xyrus, seeing as the both of them often go out to brunch meetings and afternoon shopping trips.
"Sounds good. Elijah and I don't have anything planned today anyways, right?" I turned to my friend who was wolfing down his second omelet. He shot me a thumbs up—his cheeks filled with food.
"I wanna go too! Can I, Mom?" Ellie leaned forward on the table towards my mother.
"You have school today, Ellie. You can hang out with your brother after," she answered, nudging my pouting sister back down into her chair.
"Uncle Vincent. I remember you mentioned something about how you were going to visit a famous researcher that has a lab in Xyrus. Do you mind introducing me to him after we watch the announcement today?" I said in between bites of food.
"Ah, you mean Gideon? Has he caught your interest? He's not just a researcher but a well-known inventor and artificer as well! He's the one responsible for designing the ships we use for rivers as well as a few other well-used artifacts! I do have some business with him anyway so it wouldn't be a problem taking you. Was there something specific you needed from him?" he quizzed, the intelligent eyes behind his glasses shining with curiosity.
"Not something I need, but more of something to discuss. I thought he would find it valuable." My vague answer caught his interest all the more.
"Well, he's not the type to meet new people but I'm sure I can get him to pop his head out of his hole if I'm with you," he nodded to himself.
"Great! Looking forward to it." I focused back on my empty plate. Looking down, I caught Sylvie scarfing down the last of my omelette.
______________________________________________
The City Square, which was usually bustling with a lot of activity, was abnormally packed with both normal civilians and nobles alike. On the side of the large clock tower, there were four orbs creating a square while underneath these floating orbs, there were two artificers with their brown robes. The less-than-attractive clothing signified that they didn't do their work for glory and fame, but it didn't keep the mages from chanting with unnecessarily grand gestures, hands waving as if they were conducting a symphony.
Sylvie was fidgeting on top of my head, taking in all the sights and the huge crowd of people gathered. It was only Elijah, my father and Vincent that came with me, as the women in the house had other plans.
As more and more people gathered, a crackled image began forming with the four glowing orbs as its corners. Suddenly, the fuzzy image became clearer, the mirage of colors forming into the image of the Glayder Castle.
"The three Kings and Queens of the different countries in our beloved Continent of Dicathen have gathered here on this memorable day!"
I see a very fancily-dressed man with a thick grey beard announce to an audience that looked to be in the hundreds of thousands, judging by the space the people took up.
"Attention Humans, Elves, and Dwarves alike, I go by Blaine Glayder. While most of you know me as the King of Sapin, today I speak not as the King of Humans, but as one of the representative of the Continent of Dicathen!"
The hundreds of thousands of people all kneeled, some going on all fours in worship at the sight of the King. The blurry projection becomes clearer and zoomed in closer to the balcony of the Castle. There, I could see the King of Sapin in the front with the Queen of Sapin, Priscilla Glayder, seated behind him alongside a few other important-looking figures. My eyes widened as I spotted Alduin and Merial Eralith, the King and Queen of Elenoir, with Grandpa Virion standing behind them with his arms crossed and his white hair tied neatly behind his pointed ears. Beside them are two representatives of the Dwarves, both lavished in extravagant clothing much too large for their compact figures; I assumed that they were the king and queen.
"Today marks the beginning of a new era in this Continent we call our home. I assume many of you are aware of the existing problems between the Humans and the Elves while even the Dwarves were considered just business partners. However, that is not the way we wish to continue. The representatives of all three kingdoms—your leaders—have met together many times over these past few years in an effort to unite our races. Two years ago, we had agreed for all three races to be able to become adventurers. It started out with just one or two representatives, but now it has expanded. It brings me a smile when I see parties with humans, elves, and dwarves alike, working together towards a common goal. Last year marked another big milestone where Xyrus Academy welcomed students from the Kingdom of Elenoir and the Kingdom of Darv so that the new generation of mages can make friends and memories with not just humans, but all three races. We all understand how difficult it may be for some of us to adjust after constant enmity between us. However, we urge you to let go of the past and the discriminations you may hold, and think beyond that, if not for yourself, but for your children and the future of this continent."
There was another big round of applause with a roar of worship and adoration accompanying it. King Glayder sat down and Alduin Eralith, the King of Elenoir and Tessia's father, got up from his seat and cleared his throat before speaking into this world's version of what seemed to be a microphone.
"It is an honor to speak on behalf of everyone here on this unforgettable day. As King Glayder so adamantly stated, I am also in agreement about the future of our continent. For some people, this may not hold much interest but for many who yearn for adventure and new places to visit, I can wholeheartedly say that this continent is filled with many unknowns. An obvious example is the very Beast Glades residing just beyond our borders. While an uncountable number of adventurers have ventured out into the Beast Glades, it is not an exaggeration to say that not even half of it has been traversed. While the mana beasts have not left the Beast Glades, who is to say that just because they haven't yet, they never will? Even in our own homeland of Dicathen, there are places so dangerous, no one dares to explore, but what if I were to say that even greater mysteries and dangers are out there?"
King Eralith paused for a brief moment while the crowd in Etistin and the crowd here in the City Square of Xyrus filled with the sound of murmurs.
"That's right! You have not heard wrong, fellow citizens of Dicathen. We are announcing today, February 10th of the 1005th Cycle, that we have found evidence of another continent."
The crowds erupted into a clamor of noises, some angry, some afraid, but everyone curious. Even my own hands shook in excitement as my father and Vincent looked at each other in shock.
"Please. We ourselves don't know very much, so your guess is as good as ours. What we do know is that, out there—possibly within reach in a few years' time—is another continent that may or may not be hostile. There have been evidence of them trying to reach us as well, but on both sides, it seems that our current technology does not permit us to travel that far."
The crowd shown in the Capital was in chaos until the dwarven king rose from his chair and trotted towards the microphone.
"QUIETTTTT!!!"
The dwarven king roared into the voice-enhancing artifact.
"As Alduin said, we don't know much. However, in these times of uncertainty and possible threats in the future, wouldn't you guys all agree that standing beside one another is what's best for this continent and our people? Your children can be in danger as well. The last thing we want is to fight amongst ourselves. Our appearances may be different and our cultures may clash, but remember this…we are all born in this continent of Dicathen. I for one am proud of that and hope that future generations will feel the same way. What about you?"
The crowd remained silent at first but a couple of claps triggered a huge boom of applause as cheers and whistles broke out. The Dwarf King wasn't as eloquent in his words as the two previous kings that spoke, but his words had a very strong impact. Even Elijah next to me was clapping excitedly as Sylvie continued to watch the screen in curiosity.
"The process of joining our three races and kingdoms will take time and much effort, but today, we will be anointing six individuals—individuals that we, the three kings and queens, believe to be the most courageous, tactful, smart and powerful."
From the back of the podium, six warriors came out: two elves, two humans and two dwarves. Clad in refined white armor that varied slightly for each person, they walked up and knelt down on one knee.
The three kings each made their way in front of the six kneeling knights and took out from a small ornamental box, six rings. King Glayder of the humans presented the rings to the two elf knights while the Dwarf King presented it to the two human knights. Finally, King Alduin of the Elves placed the rings on the two Dwarf knights, stating that they stand and bow to the crowd. As the cheers exploded, King Glayder went up and spoke once more.
"These six individuals will henceforth be granted the title of the Six Lances. Each Lance signifies the ties they hold not to their Kingdom, but to the entire Continent. This is a truly historical moment as the first Lances have been anointed. These six individuals' main goal will be towards the well-being of the Continent, whether that be exploring dangerous and unknown dungeons in the Beast Glades, as well as working alongside us, the rulers of this Continent, to ensure that our home is protected when the time comes that we are met with foreign hostilities from a different Continent."
Once more, the crowd roared as many began throwing flowers and the hats that they were wearing up in the air. As the crowd in Xyrus began clamoring in excitement, I couldn't help but think to myself. I knew that such theories as herd mentality or crowd psychology hadn't been defined in this world, but the leaders of our country knew exactly how to exploit the emotions of the mass.
"Lastly, while the title of being one of the Six Lances may be prestigious and comparable to even ourselves as kings and queens, this title also brings upon a great burden and danger. Children of the new generation that seek to become the future protectors of this Continent, strive to be one of the Six Lances! Grow strong and noble as not even the heavens are the limit!"
With that, the four orbs making up the corners of the projection floated down as the image of the announcement faded. The last thing we heard were the chants of, "Long live the King, long live Dicathen!"
Beside me, I heard Elijah muttering to himself, "Wow… the Six Lances... That sounds awesome." The children within the crowd already started play-acting the scene of the anointment, shouting with their friends that they too have become one of the Six Lances and are going to go out and fight evil.
A part of me wanted to be excited as well. Hell, I was excited! The prospect of a new continent to explore with different people and maybe even different races intrigued me to no end. However, I was quite cynical of this whole thing. Sure, the points they made were quite valid, but in the end, they were just baselessly making this new continent the common enemy so that all of the races of Dicathen could unite. It was an old tool used by many kings, but an effective one that worked.
Still… my heart as, not just a king, but a warrior and mage thirsting for adventure and excitement, thumped harder and harder.
"Not even the heavens are the limit," I repeated under my breath.


Chapter 41: I’m Not That Nice

As we plowed our way through the crowds in City Square, I overheard various conversations about the Lances. These Six Lances were more than just a group of overpowered mages; they would soon become the very symbol of this continent. Composed of two lances for each race, they were impartial towards all humans, elves, and dwarves. I had to hand it to the three royal families for coming up with such a bold plan. With such a glorified incentive—or rather, goal—I wouldn't be surprised if this stirred up a new era of mages.
It was fairly obvious that the kings purposely put a bad light on this new continent so that this mysterious potential common enemy would become the reason for the three races to unite. Looking at it logically, there could be great advantages, such as trading raw material, knowledge on magic and artifacts, and different technology, but this could also potentially create a competition between the humans, elves and dwarves—each of them trying to get to the new continent first to claim the new resources. While this propaganda-esque manipulation didn't quite sit well with me, it beat the consequences of going with the latter choice.
My father stepped into the carriage, waiting for us at the edge of City Square, instructing the driver to first take him to the Helstea Auction House.
"I have a few things to take care of so I'll meet you guys back home later tonight. Don't cause too much trouble, Son." My father gently gripped my arm and patted Sylvie, who was on top of my head.
At the sight of my father's carriage leaving our view, Vincent beckoned for a public carriage with a wave of his hand. Finally, an unpainted, wooden carriage pulled by two horses stopped for us with the driver tipping his hat as a silent introduction.
"Please take us to Gideon's facility," Vincent prompted, directing the driver to our next destination. About thirty minutes into the drive, the scenery shifted from tall buildings into small houses with signboards reading "Artifacts" and "Elixirs" on many of them.
I stared out the carriage window, making a mental note of stores that I would want to visit later on, until Vincent's voice stirred me out of my daze. "We're at the part of the city where all of the artificers gather. You'll see a lot of neat gadgets and other useful aids for mages if you guys want to check it out sometime."
This had sparked Elijah's interest, apparently, because he asked the driver to stop at the nearest artifact store. "I'm going to look around for a bit and see if I can find anything worth buying," he informed before excitedly stepping out.
'Sylv, go with Elijah while I visit Gideon with Uncle Vincent,' I transmitted to Sylvie, who was on my lap. Tilting her fox-like head, she gave me a curious look but didn't complain, hopping out of the carriage after Elijah; I might be just overthinking, but I didn't want a genius researcher like Gideon eyeing Sylvie.
"Do you have any money?!" I shouted out at him from inside the carriage as we leave him, realizing that normal twelve-year-old boys shouldn't have that much money.
"Unlike someone, I've been saving the money we earned from the dungeon!" He patted his chest pocket and shot me a smug grin.
"Well, no need to kiss and tell," I shrugged, leaning back in the carriage seat.
About an hour later, after we passed through the densest part of the city, we arrived at a fairly large building. This building was a single story but was quite large in width, which was rare to see in a clustered city like Xyrus.
"We're here!" the driver announced as he opened the door for us.
Hopping out of the carriage after Vincent, we made our way to the unadorned front door. After a few firm knocks, an old man with a handlebar mustache and dressed as a butler appeared, not opening the door completely.
"Greetings. Master Gideon is not—ah, hello, Master Vincent, please come in," he greeted, motioning us inside. Judging by the stern expression the butler had for a split second before realizing who we were, I'd have to guess that this Gideon person wasn't very welcoming of guests.
As we stepped inside, a foul mixture of metal, herbs, and rotting material bombarded my nose. While the exterior of the facility was hardly grandiose, the inside was even less appealing to look at. The whole place was a mess with tools scattered with no order, piles of discarded clothes and other miscellaneous items littered across the floor, and rather intriguing and unfamiliar raw materials stacked high atop shelves. There were also microscopes and other tools that appeared vaguely familiar to the ones in my old world.
"Himes! I told you not to let anyone—Oh, it's you, Vincent. I see you've come to bother me again." From the dim corner of a back room, a very short, hunched man made his way over.
Taking a closer look at the supposed genius inventor/researcher/artificer, I could say for certain that he definitely looked the part. His curly hair that looked like it's been struck by lightning more than once complimented the beady eyes with dark bags under them. His complexion was pale and he had a pair of goggles hanging on his neck paired with a dirty lab coat.
"Haha! As welcoming as ever, Gideon." Vincent shook his head, giving his acquaintance a helpless smile and handshake.
"Bah! Don't even start! This past year, the Royal Families sent in over a dozen messengers asking for a way to start traversing the ocean to reach the new continent! I haven't had a chance for a decent sleep in months!" The hunched eccentric flailed his arms in disgust as he started pacing around.
"Is it really true that they found evidence of another continent, Gideon?" Vincent asked quietly, leaning closer to the inventor.
"Hoho! That, my lad, is actually a truth those snobby Royal Families are telling for once. I was the one to study the evidence! All I'll say is that the new continent has better artificers and perhaps even better mages than ours." His beady eyes disappeared as his wicked grin widened to reveal a set of yellow teeth with remnants of whatever he had eaten for his last meal.
"What makes you say that?" Vincent pushed, taking a seat on a stool besides Gideon.
"The Royal Family took back the evidence for safe-keeping, but that 'evidence' was an artifact. Even I couldn't figure out everything it does, but this artifact was attached to a bird-like mana beast that had never been seen in Dicathen before. This bird-like mana beast had the ability to camouflage almost completely against its surroundings. The only way we were able to catch it was because an adventurer accidentally shot it down while he was actually aiming for a nearby squirrel he was hunting to eat. Not only that, but one of the functions I was able to figure out from the artifact was that it was able to record and store moving images. The artifact was the size of my palm and it could do what four big magic projection crystals could and more! Tell me, why would someone from our continent need to record videos?" He leaned towards Vincent too so that the two of them were only a hand's width apart.
"Fascinating!" Vincent sighed as he rubbed his chin.
"So… who's the little bugger you brought? Your mistress's son?" Gideon waggled his eyebrows lewdly at Vincent.
"Oh God… Don't even make jokes like that. Tabitha would kill me… quite literally, I'm afraid. No, this is Arthur. I consider him a nephew of mine." He placed a hand on my shoulder.
Giving a respectable bow, I introduced myself. "Arthur Leywin, son of Reynolds Leywin. Hello, Mr. Gideon. Uncle Vincent has told me many great things about you and your work."
"Quite the etiquettes for a little booger. How old are you?" he mused, studying me with his beady eyes.
"I'll be turning twelve in May," I answered simply.
"I see… So, why did you bring him here, Vincent? I don't take on students or disciples, you know." He puffed his chest out condescendingly.
"Actually, I would like to know for myself why he wanted to come." Vincent turned to me.
"Mr. Gideon, the fact that you have messengers from the Royal Families visiting you, I can assume that your work is quite influential, correct?" I put on the air of a respecting young lad.
"Of course! They're a pain but I receive quite a lot of money from them!" He stuck his chin out and I could almost see his nose getting longer from his pride.
"Perfect." Without saying anything more, I pick up a large piece of parchment lying on the ground and sketched out a blueprint. It took a while for me to think of an idea to sell without it changing the world too much. This world relied heavily on magic for a lot of the bigger tools and machines. That was primarily one of the reasons they couldn't build a ship capable of travelling long distances. No mages had an infinite source of mana and trying to carry along enough mages to power up a big ship would be impractical.
I could feel both Vincent and Gideon's hot breaths on the back of my neck as they peered closely at my drawing.
After about half an hour, I finished drawing a rough draft of a steam engine. I didn't draw in some of the key components so that Gideon wouldn't just steal my idea; I would draw those in after the negotiations were complete.
"Th-This is…this…" His beady eyes widened two-fold as he snatched the paper away so he could study it in depth.
"Of course… why didn't I think of this? There was this solution as well!" I could see his hands trembling as his nose practically touched the parchment.
Suddenly, his eyebrows furrowed and his gaze darted all around the paper. "I feel like something's missing…"
I gently took the paper back and rolled it up. "I did leave out some key details that I will more than happily include... once our negotiations are over." I put on an innocent smile.
"Are you really just a twelve-year-old?" His gaze became sharp but after a few seconds, he let out a helpless sigh. Even Vincent looked baffled by the turn of events but he handled it better since he knew what kind of person I was.
"Yup! Can you show me some of your most precious artifacts? Uncle Vincent told me you make some of the best!" I smiled, tucking the parchment inside my robe pocket.
"Himes! Bring my latest works!" Gideon barked. Soon after, the poised butler with the handlebar mustache appeared, with him, a protected case the size of an adult, sealed with something even I didn't recognize.
Gideon whispered something into the lock while placing both hands on it. After a brief moment, the lock glowed and folded itself into different shapes before opening. Inside the case was an array of various enchanted weapons.
Gideon spent some time going over each of the weapons and what they were capable of. The quality of these items were several levels above the ones sold at the auction house. I knew that each of these weapons were invaluable and incomparable to the ones sold in shops and forges, but they didn't quite fit the bill. I looked at some of the wands to maybe get for Elijah but none of them suited him.
As I shook my head, the mad scientist grumbled something foul.
Gideon eventually led us into a hidden storage room with precious gems and raw material that made even my eyes twinkle in greed. "This is an ironite diamond, one of the most valuable gems found on this continent. It has properties capable of storing a lot mana to use in case of an emergency." Gideon studied my face, hoping for an expression of satisfaction to appear, but it never did.
Gideon let out a defeated sigh. "Himes, can you bring me the pendants?" he asked, rubbing his temples.
"But Master, this was made so that—"
"I know! Just bring it!" Gideon interrupted the baffled Himes.
Eventually, Himes comes back holding a small case with an even more intricate lock on it.
"These are some of the products I made for the Royal Family. They've been asking for life-protecting artifacts in case of any danger." He just shrugged his shoulder, any sense of confidence he once had nowhere in sight.
I picked up one of the two identical pendants to take a closer look. The main jewel was a very soft, yet radiant pink color carefully ornamented and decorated in a thin white-gold chain.
"I had some of the best designers work on the actual piece itself so it would be err… 'suitable' for the Royal Family," he clarified.
I willed a bit of mana into the pendant and when I did, I was vaguely able to see the outline of a mana beast I'd once read about. "This is made from a phoenix wyrm," I muttered.
"You were able to figure that out?" Gideon became even more intrigued as his eyes carefully studied me, trying to figure out exactly what more I was capable of.
Continuing on, Gideon explained, "While the phoenix wyrm isn't nearly as rare as the dragon species, this particular breed is still a high S class mana beast. They aren't really known for their power and combat capabilities but their unique ability to preserve their own life. When the phoenix wyrm is attacked, its pink scales will elongate and harden around them, forming a sort of cocoon."
This caught my interest.
"However, that's not even the best part. When the super hard cocoon they're protected in breaks, they deplete all of the mana in their beast core to instantly transport themselves to wherever they know they're safe. It's a very unique ability that I've only seen in the phoenix wyrm. These two pendants are probably the most valuable artifacts I have. The jewel itself is made from the beast core of the phoenix wyrm and also small fragments of its scales, allowing it to reproduce the life-preserving effects of the beast, to a certain degree," he continued.
"How many times will the user be able to utilize the effects?" I asked, studying the pendant even more closely.
"Honestly, I'm not too sure. The Glayder Family presented five of these beast cores that had been kept over time for generations. However, they didn't know what exactly these mana cores were capable of; they only knew that they were extremely valuable. They had already been studied and none had the beast will, but still, the value of just one of these beast cores cost more than normal S class cores. The first of the five I made was a failure, not showing the ability at all. The second and third showed its ability once before turning to dust. I imagine since the mana core doesn't completely deplete itself to transport a human, it'll work at least twice like the previous two cores I used to make the pendant did." He shifted his gaze from the pendants to me with hopeful eyes.
"These are for the Glayder Family, right? Is it really all right for me to take these when the Glayder Family provided the raw materials for it?"
"Well, like I said, they don't know what exactly those beast cores could do so if I just make a good replacement life-preserving artifact, I think it'll be fine. Of course, if you choose to trade your blueprint for something else, that'd be even better," he revealed another toothy grin.
"Haha! I'm not that nice, Mr. Gideon. I'll take these two pendants." I unrolled the blueprint and filled the rest of the key components that I had left out.
"Sigh...you're putting me in a tough position but I know that you're doing me a charity by giving me these blueprints. With this, I imagine that our people will be able to reach the new continent before they reach ours." He studied the blueprint before folding it and carefully putting it in his pocket.
He turned back to me, his gaze not looking at me as if I was a child but more so an equal. "Where did you come up with this idea, though? What are you really planning, Arthur? Did you want to speed up the process for the voyage to the new continent?"
I only laughed and headed out the door, the silent Vincent, who was still bewildered by the turn of events, trailing behind me.
"Like I said, Mr. Gideon, I'm not that nice of a person. I only wanted to get my little sister a good birthday gift," I answered without looking back, waving the small case that had the two pendants inside before getting into the carriage.
The journey back home was silent for the first half until Vincent finally spoke. "Not only a genius augmenter but a brilliant inventor? What exactly was it that you drew out for Gideon?"
I explained in simple terms. "I drew the blueprints for a steam engine, which is capable of producing quite a lot of power by using steam produced from specific material that exists on this continent. With that and some modifications so that it could be interchanged with fuel powered by mana, traversing a long distance shouldn't be a problem."
"From what magical star were you born under?" Vincent shook his head.
"Please, this was an idea I got from somewhere else and I just tweaked it a little to make it work better. Please don't make too big of a deal out of this to my parents," I begged, looking at the two beautiful pink pendants again.
"Well, your parents probably wouldn't even make a big deal of something like this considering how abnormal you are," he shrugged, chuckling to himself.
Luckily, no one was home, so I carefully hid the case after wrapping the two pendants individually. My sister's birthday was next week and then there would only be a few months left until my twelfth birthday, and eventually, the new year of Xyrus Academy. Even though I wouldn't be that far from my family while I was at school, I would certainly be limited in how often I could visit them, so my main goal during this time was to ensure that my family could take care of themselves in case anything bad happened.
I knew I was probably overthinking everything but I preferred to be on the safe side when it came to my family. For that, I was willing to sell even my soul.


Chapter 42: A Ball

The ballroom inside the Helstea Manor had been lavishly decorated with colorful string tapestries hung along with other fine embellishments on the tables and stage to match. The elaborate placement of the orbs that made up the chandelier sparkled, creating a serene ambience as the guests started entering through the towering front doors.
I was dressed very formally for the special birthday party the Helsteas and my family decided to throw for Ellie. While this world did have formal wear that were very similar to tuxedos from my old world, this world did not have ties. Instead of ties, handkerchiefs were wrapped underneath the collar and tied fashionably. Sporting a black suit with a white-collared shirt underneath, the only bit of color in my ensemble was the light blue scarf I had tied underneath the shirt collar. I wanted the black handkerchief but my mother insisted that I should wear blue to accentuate the color of my eyes.
With my gaudy blue scarf and windswept hair that had been thoroughly cemented by whatever paste was made to style it, I felt like some sort flamboyant show dog.
Since the ballroom was located in the opposite wing from our rooms, Ellie had no idea that we were throwing her this party. She was under the assumption that the both of our families were going out to a fancy restaurant so she was excitedly getting ready with our mother and Lilia, who came back for the occasion.
Sylvie was sleeping inside my room, her body still getting used to the big change she underwent recently. She resisted going to sleep until she had my verbal guarantee that I would save her some leftover food.
"Welcome. Please come in." Putting on a gentlemanly smile, I welcomed my little sister's lady friends she met at school, a duty I was assigned by my mother and one I wasn't too fond of.
Met with shy giggles and red faces, I kept a gentle smile on as more and more guests started trickling out of their carriages, accompanied by a driver and a chaperone.
The attendees of my sister's party consisted of her female friends, the female friends' chaperones, which were an older group of people, and either my parents' friends or Vincent and Tabitha's friends. By eight in the evening, most of the people on the list had arrived and my mother notified the maid that she and my sister would be coming down shortly.
"Well aren't you dressed all neat and spiffy?" I turned around back toward the door to see Gideon in his signature brown lab coat—a cleaner one at least—and a set of new goggles hanging on his neck.
"This is quite a pleasant surprise, Mr. Gideon." My smile must've tipped him off because he grumbled under his breath before replying, "You darn well knew that I would try and see you again, didn't you?"
My smile never wavered as I use my hand to guide him towards the refreshment booth. "I'll admit it was unexpected of you to utilize my sister's birthday to meet with me though."
"Bah! You and I have a lot to talk about and don't you forget, I'm not leaving you until I'm satisfied!" He, once again, began grumbling before trotting over to the refreshment booth, asking for an alcoholic drink right off the bat.
Elijah, who I saw talking with a chaperone girl that was a bit older than us, walked towards me, his shoulder slumped.
"My third time trying to strike a conversation with a girl and they all so kindly made convenient excuses to go elsewhere," he sighed, his crooked glasses further emphasizing his dejection.
Before I had the chance to start teasi—comforting him, I was interrupted by a loud voice.
"Everyone, please get ready! Lady Alice and Eleanor are both on their way here!" the maid announced before she signaled to turn off all of the lights.
"…Mama, I thought we were going to go out for dinner? Where are we…"
"SURPRISE!" a synchronized chorus of voices exclaimed.
With the chandelier sparkling on and an array of artifacts popping off in colorful lights, my little sister's confused face turned from initial surprise to pure joy. Her eyes widened and cheeks blushed red as her hands instinctively went to cover her gaping mouth.
She didn't have too long to indulge in her moment of astonishment as her school lady friends all ran up to her and gave her hugs, almost carrying her away along with Lilia, giving me a meaningful gaze before disappearing.
"Good job welcoming all of the guests, Art." My mother came up to me, gently patting my head before some of her friends pulled her away to leave me wandering. I spotted my father with Vincent and some other importantly dressed figures, talking business and other various uninteresting topics.
Waiters walked around, handing out platters and cups of various foods and drinks. I was munching on something akin to a bite-sized sandwich when the melodic chime of a glass being rung pulled my attention. My father, wine glass in hand, was onstage, his cheeks slightly rosy and his eyes relaxed.
"Ahem! Before the party officially begins, I would like to thank you on behalf of my precious daughter for coming here tonight!" As my father spoke, I spotted my sister blushing in embarrassment as her friends giggled and clapped at this joyous occasion.
"Please start the music!" My father signaled towards the back of the stage where five musicians stepped out with their instruments. I was surprised to see that the instruments looked nearly identical to the string family instruments in my world, with two violins, one viola, and one cello musician stepping out with a pianist behind them. The piano was shaped a little differently and as they started playing, the sound it produced was much deeper and richer than a regular grand piano.
"It would bring great joy to see my beloved son and daughter have the first dance!" My father raised his glass higher, his eyes narrowing into a tipsy grin as he requested something that could potentially be disastrous to this party. I turned to my mother, who bore a look stricken with panic, because neither her nor my father had ever given either of us dancing lessons.
I caught my sister's face, petrified in horror, as she realized she could become a total embarrassment on her birthday. Keeping calm, I took confident strides towards where my sister and her friends stood.
"Will you honor me with your hand for a dance?" I bowed, slipping off my gloves and placing a hand out in front of me; I heard various squeals and giggles from her friends but I ignored it.
Ellie, still fretful at the turn of events, couldn't find the words, so she just nodded her head, accepting my hand and eliciting a round of applause.
As soon as she was in my hands, a crowd formed around and their applause died down as the soft flow of music became louder and filled the room. The music was slow and rhythmic, making it easy to follow along. Her once panicked face gradually turned calmer as she realized she just needed to follow my guidance.
My right hand holding onto hers and my left gently placed on her fragile waist, we circled around, her light coral dress fluttering gracefully. Each step she took mirrored mine as we waltzed around the small dance floor formed around us by the dazed crowd. I was calm and poised, dancing and swaying to the song with grace, since dancing had been something I was required to learn for any formal occasions as a king.
I couldn't embarrass myself as a figurehead for my nation now could I?
My sister's face gradually shifted from a tranquil calmness to an excited glee as she truly began enjoying our dance. Her skin glowed from her smile and perspiration, giving her a radiant feeling to the crowd. Twirling her around as if we had rehearsed for a grand performance, the musicians played along with our dance as if they were drawing inspiration from us. As the last verse of the song was coming to an end, she followed my lead well, coming to a beautiful halt synced perfectly with the musicians.
The applause and cheers of the audience—some of the more intoxicated adults even whistling—washed up the soft panting of my sister as the both of us bowed, hand in hand.
"That was wonderful!" "Truly splendid!" "What a great performance!" Sounds of compliments and praises from all around us caused my sister's smile to grow even wider as we soaked in the limelight.
"Brother!" My sister couldn't hold in her excitement as she jumped into my arms, almost knocking me down in surprise. Her innocent and pure laughter rang contagiously as she flung her arms around my neck.
"Holy crap! That was great! Where'd you learn to dance like that, Art?" Elijah ran up to us, his narrow eyes gleaming in excitement underneath his glasses.
I just gave him a shrug before gently placing my sister down. Giving her a pat on the head I said, "Happy Birthday, Princess." Giving her a playful wink before my intoxicated father picked her up.
"Haha! My beautiful princess and my handsome son! What a great performance!" My father must've been drinking more because he was even more flushed than he had been on stage.
"Owowowow!" My father let out a howl of pain as my mother pulled him down from his high horse by grabbing his earlobe. "Do you understand the disaster this could've caused if Art didn't happen to know how to dance?" She whispered.
"I learned from Jasmine while being an adventurer. I thought it'd be useful!" I lied, only getting rid of half the suspicion of my keen mother.
"Don't mind, don't mind!" He managed to wheeze out as my sister, who was put back down, scurried off to her friends. My still-angry mother dragged my intoxicated father by the earlobe back to where the adults were.
ELEANOR LEYWIN'S POV:
"Your brother is so handsome! I'm so jealous! I wish my brother was like him; he seems so nice!" The friends I'd made at school were all complimenting Brother and me about the dance.
"Hehe! I told you he was great!" I couldn't help but smile with pride at being Brother's only sister.
"Yeah, he's awesome! I bet the both of you practiced a lot for that dance! It looked SUPER hard." My best friend, Nicole, was really excited.
"U-Umm yeah! But our teacher was really good so we got it down really fast!" I lied, looking down. I thought it would be weird for them to know that only Brother knew how to dance, not me, when it should be the other way around.
My heart was still beating really fast from the dancing. It was really tiring but also really fun because Brother led me through it so well that I felt like a professional dancer.
"You're grinning really big, Ellie," Nicole smirked at me, elbowing me with her arm.
"Hehe! Let's go get some food!" I needed to look busy so some of the guys here wouldn't ask me to dance.
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
I slumped in a corner, a glass of apple cider in my hand. The dance gave all the more reason for the adults and chaperones to come and greet me, some hinting for a dance. Putting on a smile and speaking in a higher pitch than usual to sound more respectful could get tiring.
I spotted Elijah dancing with a girl that looked around our age—maybe a year younger—probably one of the older friends of my sister.
I guess he finally managed.
"Hey, you must be the Arthur that everyone's talking about." A blond-haired boy, rather tall and poised, leaned against the wall next to me.
"Then I guess I must be." I managed a faint smile while I took another sip of my cider.
"My friends are all jealous of you for stealing the attention from the girls here," he snickered while sticking out his hand. "My name is Jarrod Redner. I heard a lot about you from Lilia at school."
"Ah, you guys both go to Xyrus. As you already know, I'm Arthur Leywin, pleased to make your acquaintance." I received the handshake before my eyes spotted Lilia, who came towards us after seeing us together.
"Before she gets over her, am I to assume you guys are either dating or that you like her?" I said in a low voice so that only we could hear.
"You're pretty sharp, aren't you? Yeah, we're part of the student council together, she being the secretary and me, the treasurer. I'm trying to pursue her and I've expressed that many times already." He let out a sigh before smiling and waving at Lilia.
"She may look a little plain, but she's a good girl, that Lilia. I hope you treasure her well," I said simply.
"Well I hope to get the chance to do that someday since she's rejected me all three times so far." He chuckled, a hint of disappointment escaping his face.
"Hey Arthur! I'm so sorry I couldn't get the chance to say hi to you at all today! I've been so busy since as I got here earlier, and you were busy with preparing too!" Her face was flushed and by the way she spoke so quickly and excitedly, I was beginning to understand why Jarrod came up to me.
"I'll leave you two alone." Jarrod solemnly walked away, a hint of jealousy in his eyes, not even looking at Lilia as he passed her.
"You look beautiful today," I noted, clinking my glass of cider with her glass before taking another sip.
"O-Oh… I mean, thank you!" Lilia was really jumpy as she started fiddling with her turtleneck light green dress that was embellished with frills and subtle trimmings. I hadn't seen her since before she started attending Xyrus. Lilia had matured a lot this past year and a half, her childlike face slowly becoming a bit more refined.
We started talking a bit more about her school life when I started teasing her. "You must be pretty popular at Xyrus. Do you have a boyfriend yet?" Even my sister would sometimes tell me about boys who liked her, gloating that she was popular.
"N-No, of course not! I don't have anything like that yet, haha." Lilia was desperately waving both her hands, signaling 'no way,' which made me laugh.
"You're still young so take your time and meet the right guy. But you better bring him to me first so that I can approve before you start dating him!" I poked her in the arm.
A shred of dejection showed on her face before she quickly covered it up, saying, "Yeah, I will! Just don't be too hard of a judge!"
"Ahem, mind if I borrow the, young lad?" I looked up to see Gideon walking up to us, something akin to a polite smile strewn across his usually scowling face.


Chapter 43: A Ball II

It was obvious Gideon's abrupt intrusion caught Lilia by surprise, but she replied evenly with a polite smile.
"Of course. I'll see you later then, Art!" She waved at me, bowing towards Gideon before running off to the heart of the party.
"You know that young female cohort of yours likes you, right?" Gideon scratched his cheek awkwardly as his gaze followed Lilia's figure.
"I know," I responded simply.
"You two seem to get along, though. You're not going to do anything about it?" he pressed.
"She's someone that has had her life changed by me. More so than the feeling of like or love, it's something more akin to gratefulness that she feels. She doesn't know that now, but later in the future, I'm sure she'll distinguish the two on her own," I answered with a shrug, taking another sip of my cider.
"You know, even when you say something disgustingly conceited like that, it doesn't sound vain coming from you." Gideon smirked, taking a small sip of his wine.
"Because I don't mean it in a conceited way. To her, I am something like a hero who saved her life. She may have fantasies about a relationship between us like any young girl about her idol, but that doesn't mean she is in love with that person; it's more of an infatuation," I explained. "Anyway, I'm sure you're not here to give me love counseling. What is it that you wanted to discuss?"
"Why does it feel like I'm talking to someone my age? But yes, you're right. How did your sister like the present you so kindly took from me?" He changed the subject, sitting down on the floor while leaning against the wall.
"Received as compensation, not 'took,'" I corrected, wagging my finger. "And I haven't given it to her yet. I will, later."
"Right. Well, after refining the blueprint and creating a plan, I sent it in to the Council of Dicathen. They approved it and it is undergoing a construction plan right away," he announced, his usual joking manner nonexistent.
After the founding of the Six Lances, the Three Kings and Queens of Dicathen had come together and announced to the public that the current monarchy of each of the three kingdoms would be changing into one Council for all of Dicathen. This decision wasn't really up for debate but it did bring some groups to rebel against it. For now, the location of the Council of Dicathen was unknown with the only source of communication available through some trusted individuals while major broadcasts were publicized through each City's Governor.
"Congratulations. I'm sure they rewarded you well for that," I said sincerely, holding up my glass.
"Bah, money is just a means to an end for me. Gold is but a useless commodity that only has use in buying stuff actually useful to me. But you—you're an asset that I do not want to let go. What is it you want, brat? Money? Power? Knowledge? I can give you all of that if you are more open to me about what you know as well." He got up, his beady eyes gleaming with curiosity.
"I don't intend to change how the world works for my own benefit. This Continent is doing just fine without any of it," I retorted, making my intentions clear.
"So you're saying you have ideas for inventions capable of changing how this world works? Fascinating…" His ears must've only heard what he wanted to hear because I wasn't getting through to him.
Imbuing mana into my voice, I growled in a low tone so only he could hear. "Mr. Gideon, let me make it clear that I'm not here to indulge your selfish curiosities."
The tone in my voice appeared to have shook him up a bit, as he nearly jumped.
"Well you sure sobered me up real quick. Yeah, I guess you're right. How about a give and take then? I'm not asking for world-changing inventions like that steam engine you gave me. I just want to get to know how you think, really. I'll be your personal benefactor for whatever you need. Really, I'm desperate, brat. Don't make this old man plead anymore." Surprisingly, His voice sounded sincere this time.
This was what I planned for but I didn't want to give in to his wishes too easily, so I persisted. "Can I take your word for it?"
"Of course! What do you take me for? I'm a man of my word. You're quite a family man so I understand why you were so interested in that Phoenix Wyrm necklace. I may not be a great mage but I know my way around artificing and magic implementation theory. Hell, you need some allowance for school, right? So how about it? Yeah?" His beady eyes and electrocuted hair made him look even more pitiful.
Sticking my hand out, I shot him a business smile that I'm sure made him think twice for what he had just gotten himself into.
The party eventually came to an end after the bell rang for midnight, making it officially my sister's birthday. After more dancing, eating, drinking, and present-giving, the guests slowly started leaving, allowing the maids to finally start cleaning the ballroom.
My parents gave my sister a pair of beautiful hair ties with ornamental bells that were silver on first glance but reflected a glimmering array of colors underneath the light. My sister excitedly asked my mother to tie her hair for her into twin ponytails.
Despite the success of the party, my sister had been pretty disappointed that the Twin Horns couldn't make it to her birthday since they were currently in a dungeon. However, she got over it quickly after seeing the wrapped boxes in my hands.
"Happy birthday, little sister." I gave her my present and handed the other box, which wasn't as prettily decorated, to my mother.
"Wow! It's so pretty!" My sister was ecstatic at the precious necklace, though she probably would never know how much it was worth.
"Th-This is gorgeous…" My mother's reaction was actually even stronger than Ellie's, her eyes locked on to the light pink gem embedded on the white gold chain.
"Keep it on at all times, okay?" I said directly to my sister, but I also looked at my mother so that she would catch my drift.
"Where in the world did you get something like this, Son?" My father was still a little tipsy but he was fully functional.
"I'm sure you met Mr. Gideon, right? I'm going to start working for him while he teaches me various things about magic. He gave me this as a token of my apprenticeship." It wasn't a lie but it wasn't exactly the full truth either.
"Well, I'll have to greet him one more time and thank him for taking care of you. I can't believe my boy is going to attend Xyrus Academy soon! You're going to kick some butt out there, right? Ow!" My mother smacked him upside the head at the last statement and gave me a big hug, my sister following suit.
"Thank you for these presents. We'll both keep them on, right Ellie?" She hugged my sister too.
"Yeah! We're matching now!" she chirped, a newfound glow on her face. I was glad that she liked it, but more importantly, relieved that she'd be safe. That was all that really mattered that this point.
_________________________________________________________________
After my sister's birthday, my daily life had turned very repetitive. My birthday passed by as well, and although the Twin Horns couldn't make it, their dungeon exploration leading them to the depths of the Continent, we did hear back from them at Guild Hall, indicating that they were still alive and okay. My birthday was nowhere near as grand as Ellie's but I had no qualms with that.
Only a few people aside from my and Lilia's family came, Gideon included, of course. He gave me exactly what I asked for, which was a seal for my attribute mana for fire and water.
"While it's a little gaudy, keep this bracelet on at all times when you want to hide your mana attributes. It's still a trial product from me, so be careful. The two charms on the bracelet can each hide and seal one elemental attribute's mana from being sensed and gauged by others. By gods, I still can't believe you were a quadra-elemental augmenter but…"
I'd gotten a lot closer to Gideon over these past few months and, while he was quite eccentric and quirky, he was a sincere and trustworthy person. However, I hadn't indulged him in much besides my abilities as a mage, which he took as quite a shock.
My birthday was, all in all, a quiet and pleasant time with my family. Elijah and I quickly went back into training, and while his abilities had become a lot less powerful, he had become a lot more adept in controlling his Earth and Metal conjuring. Still, he had a lot to learn if he was going to catch up to me, but we both had time.
As for me, training was going by steadily. I was planning to only use earth and wind attribute mana, which probably accounted for twenty percent of my actual power, but that didn't mean I planned on laying low and hiding myself at school. Why not enjoy the benefits of being a handsome and prodigal dual elemental augmenter? I had a family that I had to make proud, right?
Elijah was much more eager to go to school than I was, expressing on many occasions what kind of "hot" female friends he'd make. I kept telling him that we were only twelve and that girls weren't "hot" at our age, but he filtered that out and said he was going to try and woo the older girls as well.
My father's training resumed, albeit a bit slower after he used all the benefits from the beast core I'd brought, but he did manage to level up his fire augmentations, and his skills and abilities became a light orange rather than red like most other fire augmenters.
Like I expected, the beast will didn't react to Elijah when I gave it to him. He couldn't even sense anything, becoming confused as to why I still had it.
With Ellie enjoying school and bringing a closer group of friends over more often and my mother and Tabitha enjoying the free time of being housewives, life couldn't be any more content. Seeing how peaceful and happy they were, I would give my life to make sure it lasted as long as possible.
The eventful day in the Dicathen Calendar, marking the day the first steam engine ship called the Dicatheous would set sail on a voyage to the other Continent, also marked another important day.
The Dicatheous was scheduled to set sail tomorrow, which was also the day both Elijah and I would start our first day of Xyrus Academy.
Dear Readers: As volume 2 has come to an end, I'd like to just thank you all for your wonderful support and amusing comments. Sorry for mere two chapter release—I promise that the releasing pace of this novel will get faster. I hope everyone will continue enjoying the upcoming adventures of Arthur and co. Also, please don't forget to leave a review here for hesitant onlookers to see!
Thank you,
TurtleMe


