Chapter 44: Xyrus Academy

"Wake up!" a shout pierced through my ears.
Air was forced out of my lungs as Elijah oh-so-tenderly pounded my sternum with the force capable of resuscitating a corpse.
I threw the sleeping Sylvie at him in hopes that she'd protect me from my aggressive roommate.
"Sylvie! It Hurts!" Elijah howled. As expected, my startled bond had instinctively started clawing at Elijah's face until she calmed down.
"There has got to be a better way to wake me up besides physical pain," I grumbled, rubbing my stomach.
"You're telling me. Do you know how hard it is to wake you up? And you reward me by throwing Sylvie at me? Even if she isn't in her full dragon form, do you know how sharp her claws are?" He winced, gingerly touching the shallow scratches that Sylvie had inflicted.
"Anyways! We're going to be late if you don't hurry up and get ready. I've already washed up so get your butt out of bed." Elijah stood on top of my bed, pushing me off with his foot.
"Let's go wash up, Sylv!" I pretended to be excited as I grabbed my companion and headed over to the shower.
'No! Papa, I don't want to shower! I'm cleaaan!' "Kyuuuu!" The desperate wails of Sylvie merely escaped out the other ear as I hauled her inside. Sylvie now had fur, or very thin, long and soft scales that were very similar to fur. This meant that she attracted dirt like a magnet, so washing her more often had become a necessity.
"Brother, are you awake?" Ellie opened the door as I was changing. Elijah was at least fully dressed but I only had my bottom half clothed.
"How do you like your big brother's awesome muscles?" I flexed my body in different poses.
"Eww! All I see are skin and bones, Brother." She just shook her head, giving me a hard stare that seemed to question whether I was the same brother she so admired back on her birthday.
"Anyway, Mom told you guys to hurry up and get dressed so we can eat." Ellie closed the door behind her without waiting for a reply.
I let out a sigh as I started buttoning my shirt. She was so cute at her birthday party. Kids grow up too fast.
The uniforms that Xyrus had sent us weren't too out of the ordinary. For me, it consisted of a white dress shirt, a grey vest, a maroon string we tied around our necks underneath the collar, and a pair of tailored navy dress pants. There was also a gold pocket watch attached to a chain on my vest's breast pocket, overall giving me a very scholarly look.
Elijah's uniform, on the other hand, had a much sharper design. His black blazer had white trimmings that matched his black pants. Instead of a string, he wore a black square-end tie with one white stripe, indicating that he was a level one student. With his white dress shirt underneath and a badge with a crossed sword and staff etched intricately over the breast pocket, he looked dashing.
Instead of the usual tools a conjurer carried, Elijah, instead, had fashioned a black two-part band on his index and ring finger. These two bands were connected by a thin black chain, which gave him a very gothic look, especially now that he'd recently purchased new glasses that were a bit more fashionable. He made it pretty clear to me that this would be his debut in finding a girlfriend so he took great pride in how he looked, although he always grumbled on about how no matter how much he tried, he would always be in my shadow.
I gave him a helpless shrug, but I took a mental note to thank my mother and father for their genes later.
Taking a good look at both Elijah and myself in the mirror, I could tell how much we'd matured physically. The once nerdy Elijah from two years ago was now gone, a much sharper and cooler appearance replacing him, which oddly contradicted his personality.
As for myself, my eyes were a rich sapphire color that almost seemed to glow, my hair a fiery auburn color that contrasted well with my eyes. Bluish eyes and reddish hair made me realize how coincidental it all was. What were the odds that my defining traits aligned with the two base elements I was most adept at? My facial features were a lot softer compared to Elijah's but while soft and kind, they also looked poised and elegant.
I studied my face as if it weren't my own. Even after twelve years in this body, I hadn't gotten completely used to my appearance compared to the rather normal face I had in my old world.
"Are you sure you made the right choice, Art? I can't believe you wanted to go in as a scholar mage. I thought you would for sure go in as a battle mage like me," Elijah remarked as he styled his hair. The trim straight black hair that he had was now shorter and styled to the side.
"And I can't believe one of the main reasons you wanted to attend Xyrus as a battle mage student was because it had cuter girls." I slapped him firmly on the back while giving him a perverted smile.
"Shut up… Just watch. The new and improved Elijah will be popular and find a girlfriend that can only make you drool in jealousy!" He adjusted his blazer, taking one last look at himself. Obviously satisfied by his appearance, he walked towards the door while I followed. Sylvie hopping on top of my head and her small claws dug into my scalp to keep grip, worrying me ever-so-slightly that I might bald prematurely.
"Took you boys long enough to get ready! Who are you guys trying to impress?" My mother wagged her finger at us while Tabitha, who was in an apron matching my mother's, started giggling.
"Good morning, boys. Hurry up and eat. Lilia is going to be up onstage for the orientation since she's part of the student council. She's probably nervous by now so make sure you cheer her on." Tabitha sat down across from us next to Mother and Ellie.
"I see the both of you are wearing the necklaces I gave you," I noted while my mouth was still full of oatmeal and fruit.
"Yup, why wouldn't I when it's such a beautiful piece of jewelry? I wish your father had half the amount of sense that you do," my mother sighed, fiddling with the Phoenix Wyrm ornament.
"All my friends are jealous because of how pretty it is! Be sure to get me things like these more, okay Brother?" Ellie leaned forward on her chair as she talked excitedly.
"Sure," I dismissed, trying to calculate exactly how much something like the pendant would actually cost.
"Umm, Aunt Alice? do you mind healing my face before we go to school? I don't want my debut at school to go wrong because of these cat scratches." Elijah turned his gaze to Sylvie who stuck her tongue out in reply.
"Still fighting with Sylvie?" my mother grinned. "Come here and let me take a look at that." She placed a hand in front of Elijah's face and whispered a faint chant until a glow started emanating from her fingertips. A few moments later, the small scratches on his face disappeared as Elijah let out a content sigh.
"Thanks, Aunt Alice." Elijah leaned back in his chair and continued eating breakfast.
My father came in, quite evident he had been training from the beads of sweat rolling down his face. "Sorry I'm late for breakfast! I was in the middle of a small breakthrough!" He eagerly sat down and looked at Elijah and me. "Wow, my two boys are already going to school. I can't believe it. Looks like we raised Arthur well, right honey?" My father smiled broadly.
"What do you mean 'we'? I was the one that raised him," my mother scoffed, giving him a sly grin.
"I guess the only times I raised my children were when they got into trouble then?" My father raised a brow.
"As long as you know," my mother stated matter-of-factly, causing the whole table to chuckle.
The only ones missing were Vincent and Lilia. Lilia had to go to school a few days earlier since she had to do some work for the student council but Vincent had been more and more busy these days as he was part of the management committee for the ship, Dicatheous, setting sail today.
"I was pretty surprised when you said that you wanted to attend Xyrus as a scholar mage though, Art," my father brought up while scarfing down his eggs.
"Yeah, both are good choices but, in the end, battle mages are the ones that get all the glory," Tabitha sighed. Lilia was a battle mage as well despite disagreements from both Tabitha and Vincent. The two of them wanted Lilia to become a scholar mage since it would be a lot less dangerous in the future but Lilia was persistent on making a name for herself.
"I'll still take some general classes on mana battling whenever I can to loosen my muscles but there's not much for me to learn if it's just fighting tactics," I chuckled.
"Not much to learn… If any of the students heard you say that, you'd get beat up—no wait, if the could even beat you up." Elijah just laughed to himself at the thought of the massacre the school would have if anyone picked a fight with me.
"Please control yourself to a degree, Arthur. There are members of very influential families attending that school. You wouldn't want to create trouble for Tabitha's family," my mother chided, her face filled with worry.
"Don't worry. I'll be sure to only moderately beat people up!" I saluted while stuffing my face with more oatmeal, Sylvie stealing the fruits mixed into it. My mother just shook her head but my father laughed, just as a maid walked in.
"Mr. Arthur, Mr. Elijah, the driver says that we should leave now if you are to make it on-time for the orientation ceremony," she said while bowing.
"Well, off we go!" Elijah finished the last bite of his ham and stuffed some greens into his mouth before standing up and straightening his black blazer.
I stood up and walked around the table to where my mother and Ellie sat. "Mom, Ellie, before I leave, I need you guys to show me your index finger for a bit."
"Huh?" My mother looked at me, confused, but nevertheless showed me her index finger while my sister unhesitatingly followed suit. I took a quick poke at both their index fingers with my mana-imbued finger, just enough for a droplet of blood to form on the tips of theirs.
"Put the blood on the necklaces." The seriousness in my voice made them silently concede despite their initial surprise. They both placed their index fingers on their respective necklaces and the blood on the tip of their fingers got absorbed into the jewel immediately.
"These necklaces are now bound to you so only you two can wear them. They'll protect you just in case me or Dad isn't there, but still keep yourselves safe while I'm gone, okay?" I gave the both of them a strong hug and my sister teared up a little bit. I hugged my father and Tabitha as well, my father holding me firmly in his strong arms.
"Be good, boys, and don't worry about us," my father said.
"Come visit whenever you can and keep in touch!" My mother added before letting us off.
"Bye Brother, bye Elijah! Be safe!" my sister shouted out to us as we walked down the stairs.
"Your luggage is in the back of the carriage." The driver bowed and opens the door for the both of us.
"Destination, Xyrus Academy!" Elijah pointed his finger to the sky as if making a declaration before getting inside the carriage.
I couldn't help but smile, looking back at my old home, as I stepped inside the carriage that would bring me to my new one.
___________________________________________________________________
The ride to Xyrus Academy wasn't too long since it was in the same city, but the campus itself was enormous, so going in through the main gate took some time.
There was an abundance of other extravagantly decorated carriages, some twice as long as normal carriages, with low-ranked mana beasts pulling them.
"Pshh… what a bunch of show-offs," Elijah grumbled as he watched pompous-looking students, confidently stepping out of carriages, with decorated weapons to signify that they were either a conjurer or augmenter.
Our carriage was quite luxurious as well, but that was from the standpoint of commoners. Compared to those richly decorated carriages of major families, ours weren't nearly as eye-catching.
"We have arrived, Master Arthur, Master Elijah." The driver opened the door for us and we stepped out, the both of us inhaling a deep breath of the campus air.
"Huh…the air tastes the same here…Thought it'd taste better," Elijah said while smacking his lips.
"Don't be stupid." I pushed my friend forward as we followed the crowd of students walking on the bright marble path.
"Holy mother of…" Elijah's jaw dropped as he looked almost vertically up at the building in front of us. The enormous white building that had runes etched covering it left even me astounded.
"Let's go in." I snapped Elijah back to his senses and we walked in alongside the other new students attending this school for the first time.
Once inside, I winced by how loud it was. Thousands of excited students chattered away, some with friends that they had come with, some with people they were meeting for the first time.
"LET'S FIND A SEAT!" I needed to shout for Elijah, who was right next to me, to hear. Eventually, we found a seat in the middle of the auditorium near the back rows.
Looking around more carefully, I was surprised at how many dwarves and elves I spotted, chatting away with those around them.
"Wow, I've never seen full elves until now. Looks like it's true that all three races can fully attend this academy now." Elijah excitedly looked around, scouting for potential soul mates amongst the crowd. I couldn't help but shake my head at the expected behavior, unable to see these students as anything other than little kids.
Getting bored of looking around me, I focused my attention on the stage where it was still empty except for a single podium. Suddenly, a sharp blur focused into form and I saw Director Goodsky standing behind the podium. She wasn't wearing the oversized hat that conjurers normally wore like she did the last time we met almost four years ago. Instead, she wore an elegant white circlet that matched her white robe, appearing much more refined than the witch-like impression she had given off on our first encounter. Director Goodsky had her eyes closed but when she opened them, she seemed to be peering straight into me, sending shivers down my back. Smiling, she raised her hand slowly while her eyes remained locked onto mine.
By this time, many more of the incoming first years noticed her and began talking even louder, some cheering, but when Director Goodsky's hand reached the level of her head, suddenly, everything went dead silent.
Looking around, everyone had expressions of surprise, because while everyone's lips were moving, no sound was heard from anyone in the audience.
"Excuse me for my rudeness but I do hate speaking up. Not good for my throat, no it is not," she said in a pleasant voice that—while soft—was heard perfectly clear, even from here in the back row.
"I welcome everyone here, the future leaders, scholars and powerhouses of Dicathen, to this humble academy. I am Cynthia Goodsky. Please call me Director Goodsky and do not be afraid to say hello when I walk around campus. I am no good with speeches so I stand here before you mages today to say hello, and introduce to you the Student Council that represents this academy and takes part in making important decisions along with me. Please give them a warm welcome." She waved her raised hand and one by one, members of the council started walking out.
I first saw Jarrod walking confidently, looking straight ahead, his pretty boy face eliciting a wave of shrill screams from the girls in the audience. Behind him, a very playful, cheery guy came out waving at the audience and beaming us a bright smile.
"Look, look! There's Lilia! We need to cheer!" Elijah stood up and shouted at the top of his lungs and I followed him, yelling her name as well. Her shy demeanor was nowhere to be seen as she walked calmly towards the center of the stage, where she gave small bows in each direction. There was no way she could see us or make out our individual cheers but we still gave it our all to cheer on our friend.
Behind her walked out a tall student with long, parted bangs. His face was frozen into what looked like a stern grimace with a sharp gaze that seemed to be looking down on everyone, giving him a rather pompous appearance. While the cheers for him wasn't as loud as it was for Jarrod or the cheery guy, he, nonetheless, strode with practiced grace.
Finally, the last to arrive actually made the crowd silent. The unmistakable gunmetal silver hair that reflected the lights in the auditorium gave her a serene glow as her peachy-cream complexion made the boys around me gape. She turned to face the audience so that her round, turquoise eyes captured the hearts of every boy in this auditorium.
She was only thirteen…right?
I had a hard time believing the girl I couldn't see as more than a kid had matured enough to catch me off guard. Her face still contained a childish innocence but the way she carried herself made me doubt that this was the same girl I had known since near-toddlerhood.
While still a little taller than Lilia, she was quite a bit shorter than the serious-looking guy next to her, but her posture made her seem bigger and grander than everyone else on the stage. Taking a deep bow, she came back up while tucking part of her hair behind her pointed ears, her face emotionless as a doll's.
"My name is Tessia Eralith, and I am honored to stand here as this academy's Student Council President."


Chapter 45: You Dare?

The incoming students of all three races that were cheering for each of the Student Council members fell silent when Tess walked in. With her gunmetal silver hair swaying behind her as each of her dignified steps echoed throughout the silent auditorium, she single-handedly changed the atmosphere inside this entire building.
As she bowed and tucked her hair behind her ear, a roar of applause erupted as both males and females alike cheered with admiration. I thought the cheers would last a lot longer but as soon as Tess started speaking, it was as if each of the students in the crowd covered each others' mouth so that they could hear her voice.
"My name is Tessia Eralith, and I am honored to stand here as this academy's student council president."
Murmurs started after the crowd once again cheered for our beautiful president. Next to me, a scrawny human boy spoke excitedly to his friend beside him.
"That's the Princess Eralith I was talking about. My older brother told me she's been on campus since last year as a direct disciple under the Director and will start formally attending this year with us!" He leaned into his friend so only he could hear but the volume at which he spoke betrayed him.
"Th-That means she was the first non-human to set foot on this campus. Wait… she's only a first year and she's already the Student Council President? Is that even possible?" His friend, whom I couldn't really see, spoke louder and louder with each word, causing the neighboring students to hear as well.
"Yeah, I heard of her as well! She's supposedly a super-genius of some sort, right?"
"Why the hell is she so damn pretty when she's talented as well? This isn't even fair…"
"I wonder what I would have to do to get her to even look at me?"
The audience was filled with different talks about Tess but while, for the males, it revolved around how much of an unobtainable star she was, for the females, it was a mixture of admiration and envy. Sylvie was going crazy on top of my head as she recognized Tess down onstage.
"Kyuu~" 'Papa! That's Mama! She's down there! Let's go say hi!' Sylv was jumping up and down so I picked her up and wrapped my arms around her.
'Who's your Mama!?' I couldn't help but sigh in defeat at her excitement. Tess became pretty close to Sylvie a bit after hatching so I could see why she was so fond of her… but 'Mama'?
"Woah…" Elijah, who I had stopped paying attention to, firmly gripped my arm with both of his hands as if he needed me to support him from fainting.
"Woah," he repeated. For how smart he looked, he sure acted like an idiot at times like these.
"You okay there, Elijah?" I lightly nudged his head but it just bounced like a bobblehead toy.
"…Art…I think I'm in love." He suddenly released the hands that had firmly gripped my arm to link arms with me, as if to imagine I was Tess.
Okay, this is getting out of hand. I released my bond to attack and she promptly locked her jaw on the top of Elijah's head, causing him to start screaming more from surprise than pain.
"Oh, sorry…" With Sylvie still dangling on the crown of his head, Elijah let go of my arm and started focusing on the stage below again.
As the crowd settled down enough for Tess to start speaking again, Director Goodsky silently disappeared.
Tess spoke eloquently enough to surprise even me. She was only thirteen, yet she had the ability to draw the crowd's full attention with her unadorned words filled with maturity. She spoke about the principles of this academy, how this was a holy ground where students should feel safe to walk freely around. Tess emphasized the discipline one would face if anyone hurt another student outside of a consented duel.
"While I may be a first year as all of you are, having given the privilege to be inside the academy a year longer made it all too apparent to me that there is deeply embedded discrimination against the scholar mage students by the battle mage students. I, for one, will not tolerate any sort of aggression or bullying based on the trivial fact that one is a scholar mage student." Tess' voice never wavered as she stood behind the podium.
The crowd grew a little noisy at this statement, as everyone present had heard rumors of the hardships one may face as a scholar mage student.
"Starting this year, while uniforms and the upper courses required may be different, for the first two years, general education, that contains a mixture of both scholar mage classes and battle mage classes will be mandatory, for better assimilation between the two different types of students. After the two years are up, one may choose to switch their education specialization by taking a test, although it will be quite a difficult one." This last statement drew in dissatisfied complains from amongst the students in the crowd. While both Elijah and I didn't have to take a test due to my special connection with Director Goodsky, most students, regardless of background, had to test for either a scholar mage or battle mage position.
To get in as a scholar mage, an incoming student only needed a basic foundation of magic, which was mana gathering. While they had to take a written exam to test their mental acuteness, the practical portion of the exam was much more simple. battle mage students, however, had a much stricter practical exam, and actually performed basic spells or techniques depending on whether they were a Conjurer or Augmenter. It may have seemed like a cakewalk for someone like Elijah, Tess, or me, but I admit it could be quite a challenge for someone who had just awakened.
The tall, stern-looking student stepped up next, silencing the crowd with a wave of his hand.
"My name is Clive Graves and I am your Student Vice President. As the President mentioned, this year contains many changes. Along with the assimilation and freedom to move between the two student types, there will also be no limit on how long a student can attend this academy. While in the past, the professors here pushed students to graduate after four years, it is becoming more and more apparent that many graduating mages' capabilities are becoming less than satisfactory. Therefore, the Director has declared that instead of a time limit on graduating, in order to graduate from Xyrus Academy, one needs to fulfill a list of requirements and pass the graduation exam.
While the conditions to graduate have become many folds harder, the time limit to graduate has increased to ten years. In that time, we fervently hope to produce top class mages in both theoretical and combat fields. We welcome everyone here—humans, elves and dwarves alike—to this Academy." Clive bowed, the rest of the Student Council following him.
The last part of the announcement wasn't exactly news for any of us. It was announced quite recently though, which made me think that it had something to do with the new Continent. Was this Academy being used to produce higher quality mages in case of a future battle against the new Continent?
"That's the firstborn son of the famous Graves family! Make sure you don't get on his bad side," the boy next to me whispered, again, in a pointlessly loud volume.
After finishing up the ceremony, all the new students were dismissed to their dorms. Filing out of the auditorium, my eyes unconsciously looked for Tess, but she was nowhere in sight. Outside, the trees arched over the marble walkways producing small showers of fall-colored leaves. The students were all excitedly chatting amongst their peers, getting to know new people. Walking deeper within the campus to where the dorms were, I saw a few female students pass by Elijah and I, doing a double-take back at us and giggling with their friends.
Elijah sighed. "I feel like I become significantly less better-looking when I'm next to you." Elijah's shoulders hunched as we walked along side-by-side, Sylvie pitifully patting Elijah's head from on top of mine.
"Well, even if most come after me, some of the girls will have to eventually settle for you, right buddy?" I teased, giving him a playful wink.
"Screw you." He hit me on the stomach as the both of us laugh.
Suddenly, a loud explosion startled the both of us as well as the students walking around nearby. Something was happening at the end of the marble walkway. After a quick exchange of glances, Elijah and I shot off.
"I don't see how a short-ass dwarf like you can even hope to be a proper Augmenter. Why don't you stick to forging some weapons for real warriors like me?"
"What da hell didja say? Who do ya think ya are, anyway?"
I stopped running a good distance away and shook my head when I realized what was going on. It was just stupid posturing between two students. The explosion had been made by the human, hitting his fist on a nearby tree with mana.
"Couldn't this become dangerous?" Elijah looked around where some of the students had to deliberately walk around the two of them, just in case they started fighting. We were amongst the last to leave the auditorium so most were already deeper within the campus or inside their dorms, so there weren't many people around but if they did start fighting, some of the students in the vicinity may get caught up in the mess.
"They wouldn't dare do something like fight on the first day, right? Let's just go." I tried to nudge my friend to a roundabout route avoiding the two arguing students.
"Come on, we have nothing to do besides unpack anyway! Let's just see how good they are. Look, the human looks to be a second level augmenter." He pointed at the brawny human.
Looking at them, both the dwarf and human students had battle mage uniforms, but the human had two stripes on his tie while the dwarf only had one.
"My name is Nicolas Dreyl! Declare the duel, short-ass, so we can start! Or are you all bark and no bite?" the human smirked, placing his right hand on the badge pinned to his left breast.
"Tch! Yer gonna be sorry." The dwarf that was a head shorter than his opponent with a bulky build looked awkward wearing the blazer uniform but the way he carried his giant battle-axe with ease told me he was more than what the single stripe on his tie told us.
The metal badge on both the human and dwarf glowed brightly as the dwarf placed a hand on his badge and started chanting. "I declare a duel between me, Broznean Boor, and Nicolas Dreyl!"
"I accept the duel!" The two badges glowed different colors until they synced together, producing a loud 'ping' sound.
The badge on the battle mage uniform and the pocket watch on the scholar mage uniform acted as artifacts for the dueling system, creating a barrier around the users that could take a certain amount of force. When the barrier broke, the duel was considered over, and the other party the winner. It took around 24 hours for the artifact to charge another barrier where, during that time, dueling was prohibited. Mages of a higher level weren't allowed to issue a duel with lower levels to keep it fair, which was why the human had to taunt the dwarf to start the duel.
The human mage took out dual swords from his dimension ring and got into a stance as the people around start backing up to avoid getting caught up in the fight.
"Go dwarf!" Elijah started cheering in favor of Broznean, getting dirty looks in the process.
I studied the two augmenters and saw that the level two human was a red core stage mage while the dwarf was still at black stage. This should be interesting.
"HAAP!" The human student roared as his two broadswords glow a dim yellow color and the earth surrounding him started trembling.
"JAH!" The dwarf leaped up and propelled himself forward by pushing off of a nearby tree, charging his battle-axe as well with earth attribute mana.
"Ooh! Both are earth-attribute augmenters, Art!" Elijah got more excited as leaned closer towards the fight as Sylvie curled up, sound asleep on my head.
"Tremor Smash!" the dwarf shouted, placing his left palm on the head of his axe and making the dull glow condense.
With a resounding boom, the power of the blow from the dwarf forced the human to skid back, even as he blocked with both swords. I could see his arms shaking as he grimaced.
The human boy lowered his two swords and dashed towards the dwarf who was already in a defensive stance. The dual swords scraped along the ground. As he got into range, he swung up, a trail of earth followed along, creating twin blades of earth after each sword.
Not bad. While it wasn't surprising that the dwarf could already use his earth attribute element, it surprised me that a human in the red stage could already augment his earth attribute to that degree. He was talented in that sense.
"Shatter!" The dwarf's body glowed yellow as he stomped his right foot hard onto the ground, creating a ripple around him that broke the earth blade approaching him into fragments. The dwarf blocked the human's two actual blades with his axe but got a little scrape on his arm from the upward swing.
"Earth Pillar!" Nick exclaimed. Following the upward swipe, he stomped hard with his leading foot directly in front of the dwarf, creating a pretty fragile column of rock from the ground that hit the dwarf squarely in the stomach.
"Oof!" The dwarf's body lifted into the air from the force of the blow and his shield broke with loud shattering sound, signaling that the duel was over.
Cheers went off from the humans that gathered but the dwarves amongst the audience groaned in embarrassment.
Elijah just sighed and started to leave but before I turned to follow him, I saw a slight smirk on the human's face as he once again imbued mana into his two blades.
That fool wasn't planning on finishing it with that. He was going for the final blow.
If I were to use a long-range technique, that'd create even more problems, but if I went there and directly interfered, everyone would know my face.
I was partly frustrated that Elijah couldn't figure out that the human was going to cast another technique. If Elijah interfered with a spell, it would be more natural since he was a conjurer.
There was this way, too. Sorry, Tess.
"Is that the student council president I see coming over?" I deliberately yelled louder so that the human boy that won the duel would be startled.
Just like I anticipated, he clicked his tongue and put his swords back into his dimension ring, jerking his eyes around to find the president.
The crowd that was talking amongst their friends, analyzing the duel, all started looking around for Tess.
"Where's the student council president?" Elijah stretched his neck above the crowd to look for her.
"Oops! I must've been mistaken!" I just shrugged my shoulders and turned to walk past when a hand firmly grasped my shoulder.
"Are you picking a fight with me or something, brat?" It was the human that was just dueling; Nick or Nicole or whatever.
"Yeah! What the hell, man?! Getting us excited for nothing!" I saw some of the humans evidently disappointed at not being able to see their idol in person.
"I thought I saw her. Once again, my bad." I used my hand to peel his hand off my shoulder, giving him a wink.
"Yeah, your bad." He snatched his hand away before he walked off, spitting on the ground in front of my feet.
"You know, a good piece of advice if you want to graduate. I don't think killing that dwarf boy would've done you any good." I stood still as Sylvie spat directly at the back of his neck.
He instantly whirled back around with his two swords in his hands once again. I could almost see a vein bulging out of his forehead like it would in a cartoon.
"Pfft." Oops, I shouldn't laugh in this situation. I took a quick glance back and saw that Elijah was just shaking his head, knowing it was too late.
"You dare—?" The thirteen-year-old boy with swords too large for his immature body dashed towards me in a manner I found clumsy, preparing to cross-chop with his two blades, his face bright red in anger.
I raised an eyebrow as I lifted one hand up to stop the blow. Why make myself look foolish?
Just as I prepared to shatter his two swords, a voice stopped him straight in his tracks. It was the voice that all of the new students heard not too long ago, and the voice probably every male had fallen in love with. It was also the voice of my childhood friend.
"Do you dare?"


Chapter 46: Not Quite As Planned

The face of the dual-wielding boy visibly paled as he froze at the unmistakable voice. I turned to see that the whole student council was walking towards us through a gap created by the students.
Taking calm but hurried strides in the front was Tess, her doll-like face expressionless. Behind her, I spotted Lilia, who gave me a worried look.
My attacker immediately recalled his two blades into his dimension ring and gave a respectful bow towards them, sweat beading down his forehead.
"What is going on, Arthur?" Jarrod is the one that spoke up, making everyone in the crowd raise an eyebrow in surprise.
"Looks like the scholar Mage knows someone from the student council."
"No wonder he was acting so cocky just now."
"Pfft. Did you see him raise up his arm like he was going to stop the attack with his bare hands?"
I couldn't help but roll my eyes at the whispers from the crowd. Even for preteen children, I had expected them to be taught manners to some degree since they were all from influential families.
"No, nothing much happened, although you should go take a look at that dwarf student lying over there—Boznean, I think that was his name." I pointed over to the tree where the dwarf was still groaning while clutching his stomach.
Elijah walked towards me, hoping to distill the situation. "Hi, Lilia. Sorry, we ended up getting caught up in this little scuffle after the duel between them ended. No harm done!" He gave a slight wave at her as he started talking while directing his words at Tess, her face still shrouded in a mask of apathy.
"Still, this student was about to attack you when a duel wasn't even issued. This is a serious offense." Lilia stepped up, her gaze a bit sterner as she pulled out a small notebook and jotted something down.
While Lilia, Jarrod, and Elijah were talking about what exactly happened, Tessia's piercing eyes drilled into me, as if she was expecting me to do something. Honestly, even with extended life experience, I have no confidence in what to do when it came to these situations.
Did she want me to treat her respectfully as the student council president? Did she want me to treat her as a childhood friend? Did she want to keep our past relationship a secret as a whole?
'It's Mama!' Sylvie 'kyu'd' on top of my head, and I had to firmly tell her to hold still and not go to her.
Meanwhile, the crowd was getting more and more rowdy, the males doing the best they could to get a better look at Tess, hoping to engrain her image into their memories to use in times of loneliness or longing.
"You. I believed I asked you a question. Do you dare?" She took a step forward, her eyes boring down on the second-year student. I was thinking that the student was technically a level higher than Tess, but when I took a look at the ribbon that was tied neatly underneath her collar, it had two stripes as well.
"N-No. Of course I would never dare break the rules like that. I simply wanted to scare the boy—I had planned to stop before my weapon would hit him. But seeing that I was still acting rashly, I apologize," he said, shooting me a threatening glare as he bowed to Tess.
"Leave." Her eyes continued to look down at him as he shuffled a good distance away before he turned around and ran out of sight, a few of the boys in the crowd following after him; most likely the ones that fanned the flame in this whole scuffle.
"And you! Why are you starting a fight with a senior on the first day of school? You should know your place! No matter how rowdy he may have been, he is still your senior and he didn't break the rules when dueling with the other student. Furthermore, he is a battle mage student while you are a scholar mage student. Did you not pay attention to my speech about discrimination between the two sects of students here? Yet, you still chose to interfere, making these types of problems apparent on the first day!" She knit her arms tightly as her stern gaze bore down on me, her face flushed with either anger or embarrassment—which of the two, I couldn't tell.
"What?" My gaze narrowed as I asked, unsure if I heard her correctly.
I took a step forward this time, and I could see Elijah's eyes widen in horror as he realized I was going to go past the point of no return.
"Correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems to me like you're lecturing me based on a presumption you drew from the last five seconds of stumbling upon this situation. Are you really lecturing me, right now?" I took another step forward and I could see Tess's once haughty face beginning to crumble.
"He was about to seriously injure or even kill that dwarf lying there right now, after the duel system broke. If I hadn't stopped that arrogant brat, you would've had to deal with a murder case, not an unregulated fight between two students," I continued, my voice coming out louder than I had wanted to.
"I apologize for the trouble I've caused, Student Council President," I said icily, stunning everyone, including Tess.
As soon as I turned around, a hard lump formed in my throat from the guilt. I had just mocked the students for their immaturity, but here I was, acting the same way. I had forgotten that Tess was just a thirteen-year-old girl, yet I had expected her to act in a way that even I couldn't.
Elijah followed closely behind as I kept walking, my pride keeping me from turning back around.
What a lovely reunion.
"Hold it, first year." Clive Graves ran towards me, grabbing me by the arm as he tried to spin me back around. "Were you raised in a cave? Are these the manners your mother taught you growing up? Do you even know who she is?"
Holding firm, I stopped and looked at him over my shoulder.
I knew from first glance that I would've never gotten along with him, but his words somehow had the power to irk me more than most fools. Was I raised in a cave? Was he seriously deprecating my mother?
"Let go." The malice dripping in my voice startled even Elijah as he instinctively took a step back. Clive immediately released my arm, jumping away as he guarded himself with mana.
I took a quick glance at Tess and realized she'd fallen down, more from surprise than out of fear. There was a brief moment where I asked myself if I should help her back up, but as a crowd quickly formed around her to make sure she was okay, I simply let out a sigh and continued my way towards the dorm. Elijah trailed behind as gasps and startled murmurs resounded behind us.
"President Tessia, please get back up! Are you okay?"
"Who the hell was that? I think Treasurer Jarrod called him Arthur, right?"
"Oh man, he is so screwed. He just told off the student council president of the academy."
Elijah took a few hurried steps to catch up to me, eventually walking by my side. "You know what you just did, right? Man, you sure love attracting trouble, don't you? First the dungeon and now this?" He shook his head but continued to follow me as he reassured me nonverbally that he'd remain by my side.
I almost chuckled at the fact that no one knew my history with Tess until another wave of guilt twisted my insides. Maybe I was bit too harsh on her—no I was definitely too harsh on her. She's still just a little girl! I shouldn't have lost my patience just because she acted her age.
As the guilt consumed my thoughts, I slapped my cheeks and decided to let nature take its course—because that was always the best course of action to take in a relationship.
School should at least be this exciting, right? I comforted myself. I wasn't really mad at her, but for some reason, my patience had grown thin at that moment. I knew I should reconcile with her before it became too awkward but I got the feeling that the timing was going to be an issue.
Elijah and I had managed to make it to our dorm building without further trouble. There were two male dorms and two female dorms within the academy. The two set of dorms were separated by underclassmen and upperclassmen. Underclassmen were students that were still taking their general education classes. These students were then moved into the upperclassmen dorms after they'd finished their general education courses and had formally decided on what type of student they were going to be.
The underclassmen dorms were simple, to say the least. It was clean and well-kept but lackluster in terms of furniture or decorations. It was a warm beige-colored interior with stairs that went all the way up to the top floor, where each floor contained a narrow hallway lined with rooms.
"Room 394. We're here!" Elijah unlocked the door by placing his palm on a round stone above the handle. It looked to be a simple artifact used to read basic mana signatures. As soon as he had opened the door, Sylvie bolted into the room, immediately making a nest out of one of the beds.
The room wasn't nearly as fancy as the one in the Helstea Manor but had a very homey feel. Walking in, to our right were two closets and to our left was a small bathroom crammed with two adjacent sinks, a shower and toilet.
Two beds were placed side by side, separated by a nightstand placed against the left side of the wall while on the right side was a long drawer for folded clothes. The sleeping area and the studying area were divided by a wall that came up to our waist, with three elevated steps leading to an arrangement of desks and couches. The two desks were placed against walls opposite of each other so we would be seated facing away while studying. A long couch was positioned against the miniature wall, separating the desks from the beds. The far side of the wall was made almost entirely of glass, which instantly attracted me towards it. The view encompassed a big portion of the campus, which was currently a canvas of fall colors. Looking at it from here, I would have no idea that this place was an institute for mages without being told so.
I took a seat on the couch, somewhat excited about the days to come. Sylvie leaned against the window, looking out at the view.
"Ahh! We didn't even have dinner yet but I'm already pooped! I wonder whose fault that is?" Elijah jumped on the far bed that was right behind the couch, the one that Sylvie hadn't claimed as hers.
I fell onto the couch, my body practically melting from fatigue. My eyes glazed over, staring off into the sky outside my window until I noticed the pile of luggage cases that were brought in by our driver beforehand. Letting out a sigh, I turned away and denied their existence, dreading the hours of unpacking to come.
TESSIA ERALITH'S POV:
GAAHHHHHH! I screwed up. I screwed up. I screwed up. I TOTALLY screwed up!
I buried my head into my pillow and screamed my lungs out in frustration.
"MMMMMMMFFFFFFFFFPPPHHH!" We were supposed to have an emotional, romantic reunion! Well, it was emotional, but in the complete opposite direction! Why did I even say all of that anyway? Why did I lash out at him? I know Art would never pick a fight without a reason but I just went and told him off on something I didn't even see! Gah!! I'm so stupid!
I bet he hates me now…
Why did I say that! I even brought up my speech! Bahhh! I must've sounded like such a snob! But still, we were in a crowd like that and he did have some fault in the commotion. B-But…
I'm sure he hates me now…
If Art just greeted me or even just talked to me normally, I wouldn't have said that! That's right! It's all Art's fault! He even ignored me when I came all the way there to help settle the mess he was in! He didn't even say hi! I wasn't expecting a full-blown hug or even a k-k-kiss or something! Just a 'long time no see, Tess,' would've been fine! Who was that black-haired guy that reminds me of a raven, anyway? Is he his friend? Best friend? It seemed like the both of them knew Lilia and Jarrod! Gahh! This is so frustrating!
I screamed into my pillow again in hopes of releasing some of my frustration. "MMMMMFFFFFF!"
A sudden knock on my door jolted me upright.
"This is Clive…I'm here to check up on you. Are you feeling okay?" I heard the muffled voice through the door.
I quietly cleared my throat before I responding. "I'm fine, thank you." I used my 'public' voice, as I called it, which made me sound much colder.
"Who was that first year, anyway? I can't believe he dared lecture you like that when you were trying to give him advice! Should I talk to the director about this? We could get him punished and—"
"It's fine, so leave. Don't go to the director, either…that's an order." I spoke harsher than I usually did to get the point across. How dare he badmouth Art. Only I can badmouth him.
I fell back onto my pillow after I heard the faint sound of his footsteps leaving. Dorms were separated by gender and class while before, it was separated by the type of student you were. For the student councils though, we each had our own room in a building that was right next to the Director's office. It was uncomfortable living with guys in the same house, but Lilia was here, and the guys were generally okay, so I didn't mind too much.
Stupid Arthur. Did you know how much I wanted to scream out your name and run to you when I saw you in the audience? Even if he was far away, how could I ever miss that bright auburn hair with a mana beast resting on top of his head! Sylvie looked really different from when she had first hatched but that didn't surprise me. The fact that she was a dragon was something that should've shocked me but with Art, nothing he ever did could surprise me… he was just like that.
"Haaa…." I didn't even have the energy to scream in frustration anymore. I wanted to blame Art for all of this but I knew he wasn't all at fault. He probably wanted to keep our relationship a secret for me since I was a public figure here. But still… Why was Art only dumb when it comes to a girl's heart?
Dummy…
I hope he doesn't hate me…
There were so many questions I wanted to ask him too. What has he been doing? How was his time as an adventurer? Did he get hurt anywhere? Did he miss me? Did he think of me at all these past four years?
I wanted to brag to him how much stronger I'd gotten too… After directly training under the director, my skills as a conjurer improved by leaps and bounds. I would've trained under Grandpa, but it wasn't the best idea because he was an augmenter, which limited what he could teach me. He taught me the basics of mana manipulation but as far as going down the route of a conjurer, the director knew a lot more. She was also familiar with the differences in elves and humans, which helped her train me specifically.
Grandpa knew I had great potential because, when I first awakened, I created an implosion that blew up my entire room and part of the downstairs kitchen. That was back when Art used to live with us. That was when I had to wake him up every day too.
I sniffled.
Oh no. I shouldn't start crying. Art wouldn't hate me just for that, would he? I should just clear things up with him and apologize. He wouldn't ignore me, right?
'Curse his ignorance and insensitivity towards the female heart!'
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
I watched idly as Sylv took a nap beside me on the couch, her tiny body heaving up and down with each tiny breath.
"It's not like you to explode like that all of a sudden though, Art. It would've made more sense for you to just ignore her and walk off, right?" Elijah was still lying down in his bed, his hand propping his head up as he faced me.
"Well, I admit I shouldn't have exploded but I couldn't help—"
We both turned our heads to the door when two brisk knocks interrupted our conversation.
"That's strange, who would want to see us on the first day? Maybe our neighbors are just saying hello?" Elijah got up to answer the door.
"Who is…" After a brief silence, I turned to see Elijah frozen still. Getting up to see what was going on, I saw Director Goodsky standing nonchalantly at the door, smiling at me.
"Good evening, Arthur. Elijah. May I come in?"


Chapter 47: Wiser Than The Wise

"D-D-Director Goodsky! I-It's an honor to meet you in person." Elijah gave a forceful bow that looked almost comedic towards the ever-graceful Cynthia Goodsky.
He lifted his head back up too quickly, almost dropping his glasses in the process while the director gave a polite smile, the crow's feet around her eyes adding to her charm.
"Please come in, Director Goodsky. Elijah, stop blocking the doorway." I pulled out the chair from my desk, motioning for the director to take a seat on the sofa.
"I told you to call me 'Cynthia.'" She pouted as she almost floated past Elijah and took a seat on the couch, the door closing on its own. The amount of harmony she had with the wind element continued to amaze me, as the air around her almost seem to bend to her will without even a command.
"I don't think it would be wise of a twelve-year-old with no background to be on a first-name basis with the director of the most prestigious academy in this continent." I chuckled as I took a seat on my desk chair while she sat cross-legged on the couch cushion, her back straight and proper.
"My…your bond has changed a lot in appearance since the last time we met. Intriguing." Cynthia tried to hold Sylvie, who was curled on the couch, but she hopped out of her reach and nestled herself on top of my head.
"Haha, as shy as before, I see." She gave Sylvie one last studying look before turning her gaze to me. "Hmmm…how peculiar. I seem to only sense wind and earth attribute mana inside of you. Are you, by chance, using a seal?" She tilted her head to the side while Elijah stood ramrod straight behind her, as if in front of a commanding officer in war.
I lifted my left arm to reveal my bracelet with two charms dangling on it to answer her question.
"Can't say I'm not disappointed. I was hoping to go around flaunting you as my little protégé but I guess even a dual elemental augmenter is rare enough to do so. Though you becoming a scholar mage student was something that I definitely expected." She let out a soft chuckle.
"I was planning on paying a visit to your office to update you on some things but it saves me the trouble with you coming here, I guess. I've probably made an enemy from a not-so-friendly family while I was an adventurer so I don't want to give him any reasons to suspect me, at least not right now." I leaned back in my chair, studying the two charms attached to my bracelet.
"Yes, I've read the reports on the case between Adventurer Note, and Adventurer Lucas Wykes. Quite a troublesome foe you've managed to procure. Since they are a military house, I do have a certain amount of authority over his family, but they have too many hidden workings that continue to elude us." Director Cynthia rubbed her chin, trying to think of a solution.
"It's fine. I don't consider that an urgent matter. He's just a chore I'll have to get around to finishing someday. If I do something rash now and it blows back to my friends and family, that's when it will be a problem. I would actually like your help with another matter." I put my elbows on my knees as I leaned forward towards Director Cynthia.
"Please speak," she kindly replied.
"I want to take higher level mana theory classes, especially those on deviants," I stated simply.
"Hmm… That wouldn't be too difficult to do, but Arthur, wasn't one of your main reasons for attending this academy to fit in with your peers?" She eyed me in a scrutinizing manner.
"I don't mind taking these extra classes on top of my normal ones, where I would be with students my age. I'm just impatient to learn a bit more about deviant mana manipulation since I've hit a ceiling on that recently." I almost blurted out, 'since there was no deviation magic in my old world.'
"Fine. I can make that happen, and I can even give you a pass to permit you to observe the upper class top mages' mock battles as well." She sounded magnanimous but I only eyed her suspiciously.
"Okay… So what's the catch?" I raised an eyebrow.
"Arthur, I'm heartbroken! I only wanted to do this for your growth!" She over-exaggeratedly placed a hand on top of her heart, as if genuinely offended.
"Art! You're being rude to the director!" Elijah looked a little panicked, as he couldn't see the director's facial expression as she did this.
I smiled at her, waiting silently for an answer.
Goodsky sighed. "Very well. Of course I believe it's only fair to receive some compensation for doing these kinds of favors for you," she caved in, baffling Elijah.
"I hope you don't say something absurd like joining the student council." I shook my head.
"I heard of your little bout with the princess earlier," she laughed as my face turned a bit red in embarrassment.
"I didn't expect the ever calm and composed Arthur Leywin to explode like that. I guess Princess Eralith is a bit special?" She was still snickering at my embarrassment.
"Wait, what does she mean by that, Art?" Elijah walked towards us so he could see the both of us now, although he remained standing out of respect towards Cynthia.
Before the Director answered, she looked to me to see if I was okay with it. After giving her an unconcerned shrug, she told Elijah. "Your best friend also happens to be the childhood friend of our lovely student council president." The Director's lips curled up into a sly grin, as if she was just a teenager telling some rich gossip.
I was a little worried that Elijah's jaw might unhinge by how much his face slacked. I could see a mixture of emotions, from shock to betrayal to envy, all in his face.
"How? When? What?" He couldn't produce complete sentences as he tried to wrap his head around the whole situation.
Ignoring him, I turned back to Cynthia. "How did you find out, anyway?" I asked, curious. "I'm not surprised that you know but it shouldn't be something you could just randomly stumble upon either."
"Haha, about that... Virion Eralith happens to be an old acquaintance of mine. I didn't tell anyone else, but I did excitedly mention to him that my academy would be receiving a gifted quadra-elemental mage in a couple of years. He and I were quite competitive since way back, but he took the news quite calmly, which made me suspicious. However, I didn't find out until I took in his granddaughter as my disciple. Do you know the first thing she said when I took her in?"
I could tell she was trying to hold in her laughter, but why? I just shook my head in defeat, my face becoming even a deeper shade of red.
"'When is Arthur Leywin going to start attending this school?'" Director Cynthia said in a high-pitched voice, attributable to a younger Tess. For how grand and mysterious she might seem to everyone else, here she was, laughing like a preteen, taking joy in my embarrassment.
"What? Art! How do you know her?" I could tell that Elijah practically wanted to choke the answers out of me but was holding it in since the director was still here. Although, she probably wouldn't have minded.
"Eventually, I pieced two and two together. Really…Being trained by Virion, I feel somewhat betrayed, Arthur." She put on a pouting face again.
By this time, Elijah had just sunk into his desk chair, giving up, done with life.
"I don't mean to intrude in on your love life but she thinks very highly of you, Arthur. I'm sure she didn't mean to come across as the way she did earlier. My training regimen is not easy and the few that have tried before her have failed. The reason she is able to keep up and continue to train under me is because of her desire to catch up to you, Arthur. Even you must realize that you acted quite immaturely back there." She caught me off guard, suddenly scolding me like a disappointed mother.
"Yeah. I know how dumb I acted there as well, no need to remind me." I sighed, leaning further back into my seat.
"You will make up with her soon, right? I'd hate to see my disciple disheartened while she trains." She smiled at me gently before continuing. "What I want from you is not to be in the student council, but actually be a part of a committee that is going to start this year. The disciplinary committee."
I knew she would want me to do to something like this. "Forget it. I don't need the theory classes. I'll just teach myself from the books in the library." I shook my head.
"The books on deviants aren't accessible to underclassmen and even for upperclassmen, you need to show that you are a deviant—something you can't do right now, right?" She calmly refuted my plans.
"Being part of this disciplinary committee or whatever…how does that make sense? I'm a new student that's in this academy as a scholar mage, What would the other members think, anyway?" I tried to reason.
"While they might not agree at first, with some time, I believe you will be more than capable of changing their minds, even with your self-placed handicap." Director Goodsky threw in a playful wink, seemingly dead set on going through with this.
"Arthur, unlike the student council members that are chosen on a broader criteria, the disciplinary committee will be strictly based on strength. Your responsibilities won't nearly be as much as the student council, and being in the disciplinary committee will give you the chance to work with students, some of which are also deviants, that are all strong in their own fields." Her arguments were getting stronger.
"You mentioned that the disciplinary committee members are based on strength—" Before I finished my sentence, she cut me off.
"No, Lucas Wykes will not be on the disciplinary committee if that is what you are curious about. Arthur, this opportunity is something that other students would take as an honor. I insist on you taking it." She leaned in, her face a bit more serious now.
"…" My head bent down as I thought things over. On top of regular and extra classes, I would have to do committee work, putting a big strain on my individual training time, which I was still figuring out where to do in secret.
As if she read my mind, she threw out her final offer. "Since the amount of work may be a bit too much on top of class and independent study, how about I offer you access to a private training facility where you won't need to worry about anyone intruding." She pointed at my bracelet.
"Please, Arthur, I really feel like this could be a good deal for the both of us in the long run." Her face softened a bit as she showed sincerity.
I started thinking about how being in the disciplinary committee would fit into my plans, and finding no particular detriment in agreeing to this, I answered. "Fine, I'll agree to be a part of the disciplinary committee." My shoulders loosened as I let out a sigh.
"Good! Since classes start tomorrow, I will give your new schedule to your first period professor. Here is your new uniform I prepared in the case of good news. The knife is just meant to be the symbol of the disciplinary committee, but it is quite expensive so do take care not to lose it." She gave me a wink as she threw me a tailored uniform with a sheathed knife and strap. It irritated me that she already had this prepared before she came in, even if it was 'just in case'.
It dawned on me that even with my previous life and this life put together, both Grandpa Virion and Director Goodsky would still be older than me; after all, I only lived until my late thirties, around where I was getting past my prime as a duelist. I'd been so caught up in the fact that I had two lives that it didn't occur to me that there were still people here that were older. Of course, I still had the advantage over traditional mages here because where I came from, the 'magic' usage was a lot more advanced.
The advantage that the older mages from this world had have, however, was that they were used to the amount of mana in the atmosphere here and had mastered it to a certain degree.
I guess even with two lives, there was still bound to be someone wiser.
I involuntarily shook the thoughts out of my head, causing Director Goodsky to tilt her head in curiosity.
"Now that the matter I've come to settle is settled, I shall take my leave! Enjoy your first dinner here and do please patch things up with my dear Tessia as fast as you can. I don't want my precious disciple to keep moping." She wisped away, leaving me wondering why she didn't just enter like that. It was probably to respect our privacy or something.
As soon as Director Goodsky left, a shadow loomed over me as Elijah peered down at me, his facial expression akin to a demon's.
"You've got some explaining to do." And I swore I thought I saw pointed teeth as he smirked evilly.


Chapter 48: Attention

I couldn't help but pat Elijah on the shoulder, as it looked like his soul was about to escape from his mouth. There were shadows underneath his lifeless eyes, his sunken cheeks making him look like a hollow skeleton.
"There, there…" I sighed. Even Sylvie took pity on him as she hopped off of my head and landed on his, biting the crown of his head to stir him awake.
His ghastly eyes bore into me as he turned his head. "… Not fair," he mumbled.
"What?" I leaned in closer to better hear what he was whispering.
He leaned in closer to me, his lips almost touching my ears. "IT'S NOT FAIR, GODDAMMIT!"
"AHH!" I jumped in surprise as my ears start ringing. "What the hell! Don't shout in my ear!" I stirred my pinky inside my ear canal to wipe away the stray spit that had been launched inside by my bitter friend.
"Looks, talent, and even luck with girls! Why do you have everything?" He placed both of his hands on my arm, a concentrated expression across his face.
Confused by this seemingly random action, I asked, "What are you doing?"
"…Trying to see if I can absorb some of your Arthurness," he mumbled, still concentrating.
"Are you dumb?" I shook my head, waving his hands off of me.
On our way to the dining hall a bit down from the dorms, I explained briefly to Elijah how I met Tess—he really hated how I called her that—inside the Forest of Elshire. The whole time I was telling him the story, from living inside the kingdom of Elenoir's Castle with Tess to learning mana manipulation from her Grandfather, I could almost see my words pierce through him as his life slowly drained from him.
"Do you know how attractive dwarves are, Art?" He leaned in a bit too close for comfort while the both of us kept walking.
"H-How much?" I peeled my head back from my overly emotional companion.
"NOT. AT. ALL," he said matter-of-factly. "The sense of beauty that dwarves hold is the complete opposite of humans, Art! I may have been raised in their kingdom but there will never come a day when I can empathize with their definition of 'attractive.'"
I laughed, unable to wrap my head around what an attractive female would look like to the dwarves, but I asked anyway. "Haha! Elaborate for me how devastating your life was."
"When I turned eight, my grandfather, the elder who took care of me, introduced me to whom he hoped would be my future wife. The whole week prior, he was going on and on about how beautiful and elegant she was. When she showed up, I swear I thought I was looking at a man, Art." His body shivered from the thought of recalling his past nightmare.
"Her name was Helgarth, and I swear she made me fear for my chastity. Her square jaw, her trunk-like, veiny limbs, her long, thick nose…She had a s-stubble on her upper lip, Art. She had FACIAL HAIR at the age of nine, Art!" Elijah was shaking me at this point, as I couldn't stop laughing.
"Okay, okay, I get it! You were a very deprived young boy who started going through puberty much too early for his age." I shrugged with my palms up while trying to calm my fit of laughter.
"You spend your childhood filled with masculine woman who go around showing off their bulging arms and see how you turn out when you see normal girls." He shook his head, returning back to his lifeless self.
"Well… You are in the most prestigious school as a battle mage student, and you're probably at least a full stage ahead of anyone in our class, so just show off your skills. You're bound to land someone, somehow," I said, optimistically.
"Your pity is literally hurting me." He sighed, making the both of us laugh.
"I personally like your new uniform better," Elijah mentioned as he studied me. "It makes you seem more strong and unapproachable somehow." He nodded in agreement at his own statement.
The new uniform I received from Director Cynthia wasn't too different in terms of looks from my Scholar Mage uniform.
It was composed of a white dress shirt with a single black stripe on the mid-arm above the elbows, and a light gray vest. Both the new vest and dark gray pants were made from a different material though, with special engravings on the inside that made me suspect that it had protecting qualities to it. In place of my pocket watch on the breast pocket, however, was a strap that went across my chest and snugged in around my shoulder, holding my sheathed, silver knife over my heart. A gold string replaced the red string that I had tied around, underneath my collar, giving my whole attire a more royal look.
I looked down and let out a sigh. I had to admit that the uniform did look good, but I didn't like gaudy clothes like this. There was also an outerwear piece that I was supposed to receive later when it was properly fitted for me.
"So, what are you going to do about the disciplinary committee?" Elijah asked me a bit more seriously.
I tilted my head, not knowing what he was implying. "What do you mean?"
Shrugging his shoulders, he looked forward, realizing we were almost at the dining hall. "I mean, I know you're already part of this new committee and all, but are you going to really take it seriously and stuff? It sounds like a lot of work."
True. The director wanted me to be a part of this new committee but didn't really specify what exactly I had to do. "I'll try my best. I might as well give it my all since I've decided on going through with it, right? Besides, Ellie is going to be attending this academy in a few years. I need to do my best to pave a path for her so when she does come, it'll be easier on her." I opened the door, welcomed by the students' indistinguishable conversations and the hearty aroma of meat and herbs.
As the both of us stepped in, the hall turned quiet and I could feel the stares of the students as they studied us. Ignoring the glares and the occasional curious glances, we made our way into the line and got our food, situating ourselves in a back corner.
"Looks like you're already popular, Art." Elijah smirked as he picked up a piece of roasted meat with his fork.
"What can I say?" I gave an arrogant hair flip and the both of us started laughing.
"Ah! Don't forget that we have the club rush tomorrow morning!" Elijah said, his mouth full of meat.
I let out a sigh at this. "Oh yeah… I have to go to the auditorium pretty early tomorrow. The disciplinary committee is being officially announced before the club rush starts tomorrow." I played around a bit with my vegetables before trying to give them to Sylvie, who promptly rejected them.
Director Cynthia had left me a note with a couple instructions along with the new uniform.
"That means you're going to meet the rest of the disciplinary committee! How exciting! Wake me up before you leave then."
"Will do." I picked up a piece of roasted meat for myself but Sylvie stole it before it reached my mouth.
We conversed about the clubs Elijah should join and the classes we had. As it turned out, the disciplinary committee met every morning, which irked me. Looks like I'll finally break my poor sleeping habits.
Besides that, my daily class schedule consisted of: Fundamentals of Mana Theory, Practical Mana Manipulation, and Basics of Artificing.
After lunch was when my upper division classes would start. Those classes were Deviant Magic Theory I, Team Fighting Mechanics I, and Spell Formations I.
During the fall semester, there were a lot more upper division classes for battle mage students while the spring semester classes consisted of a wider variety for scholar mage students.
Most students only took 3-4 classes a semester but I was essentially loaded with double the classes, my last class ending at 7 in the evening, not leaving me any time for clubs. As for Elijah, we only had Fundamentals of Mana Theory together; his other classes comprised of Basic Chain-Casting and Mana Utilization I.
Clubs geared towards upper-division students met before lunch, since their classes were all in the evening, and vice-versa for underclassmen. "Maybe I should join a hand-to-hand fighting club. I heard that more and more conjurers are trying to become at least a bit adept at close-range fighting, just in case," he pondered while shoving another piece of meat into his mouth.
"Mmm yeah, I heard that from my father. He's been telling me that there are some conjurers that wants to be recruited to learn close-ranging fighting, though I don't exactly know how that'd work." I wondered why I didn't feel full even when my plate was empty, but then I realized that I'd barely eaten any of the meat thanks to Sylvie, who was now 'kyu'ing in satisfaction on top of my head.
During our meal, the both of us could tell that people were conversing about us, with looks being shot every now and then from random people. However, none of them actually came up to us until now.
A group of students, all with battle mage uniforms, walked up to our table, completely ignoring my existence. The leader of the group, a tall male with wavy brown hair that was parted in the middle, stuck his hand out to Elijah.
"My name is Charles Ravenpor II, born from the famous Ravenpor Family. I'm sure you've heard of it, right? I couldn't help but notice you spending time with someone beneath you. I'm being especially courteous today in letting you be in our group." His chin stuck out, confident that Elijah would take his hand.
"You should be honored to be part of the Ravenpor Group," one of the groupies echoed in the back.
"The Ravenpoop Family? Never heard of a family named after a bird's feces. Have you, Art?" Elijah looked at me with a very clueless look, making me laugh through my nose.
"No, but I'd be very embarrassed to be in family like the Ravenpoop, even if I did know of them." I tried to hide my smile as I played along in this immature exchange.
Some of the students nearby who were listening in on our conversation started snickering.
"Y-You... How dare you mock a prestigious family like the RavenPOR House?" Charles slammed his fist on our table, emphasizing his house name, which made them laugh even more.
"I am a second class student that should be shown respect! I reached out to you, a newbie, because I didn't want a battle mage student to lower himself by being with a scholar trash student, but you instead spit in my face like this?" His hand was already twitching to reach for the wand strapped to his right leg.
Elijah looked him dead in the eye and refuted, "First of all, it's scholar MAGE student. Arthur is just as much of a mage as any battle mage student. Second, why would I go with someone who blatantly looks down on my best friend and roommate? Third, it's obvious you're not here out of kindness towards me but here because of hostility towards Arthur, so stop your childish show and go piss off."
I had to admit that when my friend put on a serious expression, coupled with his naturally sharp features, he did look quite scary.
Issuing duels inside a facility not meant for battle was prohibited so using magic inside the dining hall would result in quite a big punishment, but that didn't seem to stop Mr. Ravenpor here.
Wind gathered around him as he struggled to keep his anger under control. "Jack!" he roared, the wind settling down around him as he called forth one of his minions.
A boy that had a face that looked around 13 but a body that looked too big for his age stepped up from the back.
"Show these brats how things work around here," he growled, stepping back.
Jack looked a little hesitant but Charles barked that he'd be properly compensated, making Jack reveal a wicked grin as he fit a clawed gauntlet over his fists.
"Sucks for you," he simply smirked, cracking his neck before splitting the table in half.
The dining hall was in a commotion by now as the students all gathered around, some standing up on the tables to get a better view.
Elijah protected his face in surprise as the table split into pieces but I remained unfazed, my legs crossed as I took a sip from the water cup I was holding, while even Sylvie had fallen asleep.
"Are you crazy?! This is a dining facility!" Elijah shouted as he stood up to face Jack, who cracked his clawed fists.
"Don't matter. Boss is going to take care of everything anyway. Keep your teeth clenched now." He smirked as his right fist glowed with non-attribute mana.
He was a second-class student as well by the two stripes on his black tie, but even without an attribute, his core was still dark orange, which, for his age, was pretty damn good.
Elijah's right hand glowed, his two rings a dim yellow as he prepared a spell, but I'd already noticed that Jack's pitiful killing intent was directed towards me, not my friend.
I didn't even look up and prepared to settle this quickly but once again, before I got the chance to do anything, vines shot out from the ground and wrapped tightly around Jack.


Chapter 49: Reminisce

It only took a couple of moments for the vines to completely encase Jack. As he struggled to break free, the vines twisted tighter, turning his face into an ugly shade of purple.
While most were confused, Charles seemed to know exactly what was going on as his face paled and he immediately stepped away from the commotion he'd created. Elijah was a bit surprised as well, his head turning left and right to see who used the spell, but the person responsible had yet to show herself.
Standing up, I faced the suffocating Jack, who'd given up his struggle against the vines. The atmosphere in the dining hall turned tense as everyone stayed silent, waiting for the perpetrator of the spell to show up. Giving Elijah a meaningful glance, I silently lifted my arm, placing my palm on the vines as I released the spell. Holding back on the amount of mana I used, I willed a sharp gale of wind from my palm.
[Torrent]
The Ravenpor groupies behind Jack covered themselves against the sharp gale as they got caught in the attack as well. With the spell, I so graciously freed Jack from the vines that were choking him, but in the process, shredded his clothes as well, leaving him the same way he came out from his unfortunate mother's womb.
Jack plopped to his knees, coughing and gasping for air. Without either a word or a change in expression, I turned and walked towards Charles, who was still trying to discreetly make his way out of the dining hall. He was by the wall, almost in front of the main doors, when I unsheathed the Disciplinary Committee knife I received from the director, imbued wind mana into it, and threw it. The knife cut through the air and pierced through his blazer, pinning him against the wall.
"What the hell?" He yelped as I came face to face with him.
"Maybe it's just me but I find it pathetic when brats like you who come from noble families beat your chest for something that you never even earned. Before bragging about how powerful your family is, be competent enough to at least not embarrass them." I pulled out the knife he was struggling to remove in one swift swipe and left through the door, not looking back.
The brisk autumn air greeted me as I closed the door, my breath becoming visible in a cloud in front of me.
'It's Mama!' Sylvie's head shot up from atop my head.
I ignored my bond, looking up at the night sky illuminated by countless star as I spoke out loud. "You know, you could've killed him if I didn't disrupt the spell."
Just a few meters away to my left, the familiar voice responded. "I was going to cancel it once he passed out. Besides, I know you were going to handle it."
"Oh, now you leave it up to me? What stopped you from doing the same this morning after the ceremony?" I snickered.
"…"
I walked toward the figure that was leaning against the wall of the building, her face and other recognizable features masked by the shadow of the starry night.
By her silence, I could already picture what sort of troubled expression she had on her face. I stood in front of the figure, close enough to see her face, but she was looking down so I could only see the crown of her silvery gunmetal hair that seemed to shimmer in the moonlight.
"Ahem," I awkwardly coughed, covering my mouth with a fist. The silence between us felt like an eternity. Finally, she glanced up, revealing her face as she fiddled with her hands behind her back.
"…"
"I'm sorr—Oww!"
The awkward atmosphere surrounding us instantly dissipated as we head-butted each other in our attempts to bow in apology at the same time.
I couldn't help but burst into laughter as I rubbed my throbbing head. "I think I heard my skull crack just now."
"Shut up." Tess massaged her head too as she continued to look down her shoulders began trembling and I heard a sniffle.
I squatted down so I could see my childhood friend's face. "Tess. Are you crying?" I teased, gently wiping her tears with the inside of my sleeve.
"I-It's because it hurts..." She sniffed, her eyes continuing to avoid mine as she let me wipe her face.
"Did it hurt that much?" I softened my voice as I stood back up, gently patting the place where my head hit her.
"Yes! It hurt a lot!" Smacking my hand away, she buried her face in my chest, wrapping her arms around my waist as she began crying.
The seconds seemed to elongate as I felt her body tremble from her erratic breaths and hiccups. I looked back at the night sky, feeling my face burn as I clumsily returned her hug.
"I-I th-thought you h-hated me." I could barely make out what she was muffling with her face still buried in my chest in between her sniffling
"Even if there are times when I get mad at you, I would never hate you, Tess," I said gently.
"I-I don't want that."
"Don't want what?"
"I don't want you to get mad at me either!" she mumbled into my chest.
"Well this time, I was in the wrong. I shouldn't have lashed out at you like that." I suddenly realized that I didn't really treat Tess like everyone else. While I didn't feel a reason to get mad over most people—besides my family and Elijah—Tess was probably the only one capable of making me act genuinely, even if that was sometimes immature.
"No! I was wrong too! I-I shouldn't have called you out like that in front of all of those people! B-bBt it was because I have to be the strict student council president in front of everyone, you know?" Her face looked desperate as she finally looked up, her concerned eyes red and a little puffy from crying.
"Art! You should've seen everyone's faces after you—oh my heavens..." Elijah, who only saw the shaded outline of my back, came running towards me, until he spotted who I was with.
Realizing that Tess was still wrapped tightly around me, I couldn't help but give him an embarrassed look.
"I-I'll see you b-back at our dorm…" he stammered out before darting off, nearly tripping over his own feet.
"Haha. Tess, I think it's about time you let go of me." I smiled as I watched her face turn crimson.
"O-Oh right." She immediately let go of me, taking a step back as her gaze shifted down, too embarrassed to look at me.
I couldn't help but let out a soft laugh at how my childhood friend really hadn't changed. "Do you want to take a little walk with me?" I gave her a smile as Sylvie jumped off from the top of my head and into her arms.
"Kyu!" 'Long time no see, Mama!'
TESSIA ERALITH'S POV:
Each of his steps were light and confident, as if always certain of his direction and purpose... Was it the way he walked?
Those eyes that looked calm and poised, yet still a little playful… Was it his gaze?
The way it glowed even when it was this dark outside... Was it his smile?
What made me this stupidly attracted to him? He's just another boy! Another, rather talented, rather well-mannered and slightly better-looking, boy. That was it!
What was it about him that made me become so foolish around him and why did I keep doing things to embarrass myself in front of him?
I unconsciously let out a defeated sigh.
"Is something wrong?" He looked at me with concern. His gentle voice sending shivers go down my spine.
"N-No! Nothing's wrong, haha!" I felt my face turning red again so I started petting Sylvie faster as a distraction. Gosh dangit!
I could feel his eyes studying me as we walked along the marble path, the only source of light from the moon, peeking between the trees that arched the walkway. The last time we had met, earlier today, we barely spent a few seconds together before things got bad, so it'd really been almost four years since we'd last seen each other. I would've stared at him too but I knew I was going to turn bright red, so I just keep my gaze down.
I wondered if he looked at any other girl like this. I wanted his attention all to myself, just like now. I stopped myself before I sighed out loud again.
We started talking about what we'd both been doing these past few years. His time as an adventurer was really exciting but I couldn't help but be a little disappointed that he had been with that girl named Jasmine the whole time.
"Pfft!" The corners of Art's eyes crinkled as he revealed his bright smile.
"W-What?!" I held Sylvie up in front of me defensively.
"It's just that I'm enjoying the different expressions you're showing me while I tell you my story." I caught a glimpse of his eyes, making me turn red again. This was getting ridiculous.
I would've been pretty cold if I didn't have Sylvie as a heating pack, but Art didn't look cold at all. I wondered if being a beast tamer made his body stronger in these situations too. I started getting embarrassed as I remembered hugging him for so long.
He was really warm, though.
As we kept talking, I got a little less tense. I told him a bit about my training with Grandpa but I focused more on when Grandma Cynthia was my teacher.
"You call her 'Grandma'?" His head tilted a little in curiosity.
Nodding, I replied, "She told me to call her that since I was her only disciple and since she didn't have any children."
"I see…" He pondered.
I continued on about the strict training I had to go through and how it was hard for my plant attribute magic to improve because of the lack of reliable teachers. Although there weren't any other races that could manipulate plant attribute mana, even amongst elves, there were very few people that were adequate in plant magic. While some noble lineages did have the capacity to learn it, they ended up focusing on another element instead because of how hard it was for them to learn plant magic.
"So you ended up becoming a dual specialist in plant and wind, huh? Wow, I knew you'd be a talented mage." His genuine look made me feel proud. I often got embellished praises from all sorts of different important figures but just a simple compliment from him made me this happy.
He continued, "It makes sense that Director Goodsky is teaching you then."
I wanted time to stop as we reached the front of the dorms. Why were the dorms built so close to the dining hall? It should've been on the other side of the school…
"We should both get some sleep. It's getting late and tomorrow is a big day." He patted my head.
I would've enjoyed it a lot more if it didn't make me feel like he was treating me like a kid.
"Y-Yeah, you're right. Congratulations on becoming a disciplinary committee member, Art." I tried my best to smile but I started over-thinking how I looked.
Fortunately, he just grinned back as Sylvie hopped back on top of his head. "Thanks." I stared at his back as he started heading to his dorm. But to my surprise, he turned back arounds.
"I almost forgot!" He took my hand and brought it up, placing something from his pocket into my palm.
"Here! This will probably help you a lot." Letting go of my hand, he gave me a playful wink before turning back toward the dorms as Sylvie waved her small paw at me.
He didn't even give me a chance to thank him.
Looking down, I studied the small, dull green orb. It didn't seem special at all, but it did mean a lot to me just because it came from Art. Knowing him though, this wasn't just some sort of decoration he wanted me to have.
"I wonder…" I willed a bit of mana into the orb and almost dropped it in surprise, my hands trembling uncontrollably.
"Th-This is…!"
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
'Papa, you're really happy. Is it because you made up with Mama?' Sylvie teased me as I walked up the stairs and back to my dorm room.
'Can it, Sylv. And can you stop calling her "Mama"?' I pinched my dragon bond's ear, making her squirm.
"Room 394! Finally…" Tessia and I had been walking pretty slowly and had stopped in between while we talked so it was pretty late at the night. I opened the door carefully, just in case Elijah was asleep, but I almost jumped in surprise to see him sitting cross-legged, facing the door, his eyes bloodshot.
"Err… I see you're still awake." I waved awkwardly.
"Hell yes, I'm awake." He crossed his arms and used his chin to point at my bed, signaling me to sit.
"Haa…Go on." I sighed helplessly as I let my best friend release his barrage of questions.
___________________________
It was almost four in the morning when he was finished, the two of us sprawled out on our beds, tired both physically and mentally while Sylvie had fallen asleep hours ago.
"I can't believe you were h-hugging her." I saw him shake his head while he lay on his back.
"I told you, I've known her since she was five. It's not surprising that she'd be more comfortable around me," I simply stated.
He shook head again. "After you left, some of the students suspected that it was the president that used the vine spell since she was the only one that could use it to that degree. Do you know all of the things the students called her?" He got up and looked at me.
"What did they call her?" I asked, a bit interested.
"There were two I heard the most." He leaned in closer. "One: The Untouchable Princess," he stated.
"Untouchable? Why? Is she that much stronger than everyone else?" I asked.
Ignoring me, he said the other. "Two: Lunar Goddess."
"Huh? Why Lunar Goddess?" I chortled at the juvenile nicknames.
"Because she's like the moon, Art. The moon looks so close that you can grab it, but no matter how much you try, you'll never touch it. But you! You t-touched the Moon! You hugged the moon!" he flailed his arm in defeat and plopped back into bed.
"Go to sleep," I retorted.
We were both too tired to even try to wash up, and my head was already hurting at the thought of how tired I would be in the morning, but memories of what happened tonight had kept me up. I kept wondering if I had done the right thing in the dining hall. It was a habit I'd acquired from being a king—to overthink my past actions and always plan my future actions. To my side, I could hear Elijah fast asleep, mumbling something about the moon again.
_____________________________________
"Wake up!" I smacked Elijah on the stomach as I finished fastening the shoulder strap for the knife that represented my status as a disciplinary committee member.
"Oof!" Elijah bolted up in surprise but groaned once he realized how tired and in pain he was.
"I can see why you don't like being woken up like this," he mumbled as he rubbed his stomach.
Smirking at my friend, I walked to the door. "I'm leaving now so hurry up and get ready. I'll see you in first period." Without looking back, I gave him a wave and headed towards the auditorium. I was supposed to formally meet all the other members of the disciplinary committee in the small waiting room inside the auditorium, so I was a bit excited as to what kind of people they might be.
Sylvie "Kyu-ed" in excitement as well as she swayed her head from side to side. After today, everyone would know that I was part of the disciplinary committee. I grinned at myself after imagining what the Ravenpor group's face would look like after becoming aware of what my different uniform meant today.
Arriving at the back entrance to the auditorium, I straightened up my shirt, vest and strap, and opened the door, feeling tired, sleepy, curious, and a bit excited.


Chapter 50: Disciplinary Committee

As I opened the door to the back entrance of the auditorium, I was met with an unexpected greeting.
My hair was blown back by a bloodcurdling roar as Sylvie had to cling onto me to avoid falling off. Along with the deafening shout of the mana beast that greeted me came bullets of saliva that showered my face and upper chest.
"There, there." While wiping off the spit of the mana beast, I nonchalantly proceeded to pet its face, which was inches away from my own. This mana beast stood about two meters high on all fours. Its body was covered in thick dark brown fur and a deep red mane circled its head. Two pointed, vicious teeth spouted out from above its jaw, making it all the more menacing, but compared to Sylvie's dragon form, I could only see it as an overgrown kitten.
Even Sylvie looked at the mana beast with little interest as she just settled back on top of my head.
"Woah... he wasn't surprised at all…" From behind the mana beast peeked out a student that looked to be a couple of years older than I was. He had very dull, light gray—almost white—hair that reached over his brows. He had narrow eyes that were virtually slits and a smile on his face that didn't come off as pleasant but more so mocking.
Though lean and tall, his overall frame looking quite frail. What stuck out the most, however, was that his uniform was very different from mine and any other I'd seen so far. He wore a loose, dark gray oriental-style robe that covered his arms and came down past his torso, black pants, and a golden sash tied around his waist. Peeking out of the inside of his robe was the insignia that all of the disciplinary committee members had to carry around—the silver knife. Something felt a tad off about him—something that made me wary.
"You must be the last DC officer to arrive! My name is Kai Crestless, a fourth-year! Just call me Kai." His expression didn't change at all, his eyes still narrowed and lips still smiling, but he put up his arm in a welcoming gesture, revealing hands that were completely wrapped in bandages so that it looked like he had gloves on.
"Hello. My name is Arthur Leywin. Pleased to make your acquaintance." I shook his bandaged hands.
"Bah! Another frail-looking pretty boy! Why aren't there any more real men in this committee?" Looking around, I found where the voice came from and couldn't help but remember what Elijah had told me yesterday before dinner.
A female dwarf that came up to my chest with limbs as thick as tree trunks hopped down from where she was sitting and came up to me. The only indications that told me she was female were her long brown hair and high-pitched voice, neither of which suited her masculine appearance.
"Looks like we'll be working together, so I might as well introduce myself. I'm Doradrea Oreguard, a first-year, like yerself. Let's get along, ey?" she said simply while firmly smacking my back, sending a jolt throughout my body. What power.
"Arthur Leywin. Nice to meet you," I replied, rubbing my back.
"Well, come on now! Follow me. Kai and I waited in the front to see who the last guy was going to be. The rest of the DC officers are in the other room. Director Goodsky didn't really give us any details so everyone is curious." She led me through a hall, Kai following behind us with the mana beast.
"Everyone! The last guy is here!" Doradrea shouted at the top of her lungs as we reached a room at the end of the hall.
Inside the gigantic room that I figured was used to hold events, I saw five other figures.
Without further ado, I walked up closer to greet them all at once. "My name is Arthur Leywin and I just started attending this academy as a scholar mage student. I am a dual-elemental attribute augmenter capable in wind and earth." I offered a curt bow.
"Arthur Leywin?" The first voice that spoke up sounded surprised. Looking back up, I saw a boy that appeared to be around seventeen. He had deep, mahogany-colored hair that spiked out, making him look almost like a lion himself. His fierce sword-shaped brows combined with his strong brown eyes produced a striking gaze. It took me a couple of seconds but I soon realized who he was.
"If I remember correctly, you must be Prince Glayder?" The longer I looked at him, the more confident I became that he was Curtis Glayder, son of Sapin's king.
"I can hardly call myself a prince now ever since the three kings and queens dismissed their titles and became The Council. Just call me Curtis." He spoke very charismatically, his deep voice carrying a certain depth. His expression was a bit troubled though, no doubt because his father's guard did cause some problems for me the last time we met.
"Nice to see you again, Curtis. You must be a fifth-year now, right?" I responded cheerily, which eased the troubled look he had.
"Yup! fifth-year fire attribute augmenter as well as a beast tamer. Nice to see you again," he announced as we grasped hands. Curtis' uniform looked much more intricate than Kai's loose-fitting robe. His outfit reminded me of an old-fashioned military uniform without the cap. His black blazer had dark gray accents and gold buttons. A military cord attached from his right shoulder to the collar of his blazer, giving a refined yet fierce air to him.
"Ahh, that world lion that greeted me must be the one your father acquired at the auction several years back." Everything clicked as the mana beast that so kindly greeted me sat down behind Curtis.
"Ah… did Kai use Grawder to scare you?" He shot a look at Kai who just shrugged back. "Anyways, yes. I remember you were with us when we purchased him as a cub. We formed an equals contract last year after he reached A class." He tried to sound humble but I could tell he was extremely proud to call himself a beast tamer. I didn't mind because it really was a great feat he had accomplished, especially since he was able to form an equals contract instead of a master-servant contract with his beast.
"Looks like your bond changed a bit as well! Although it didn't really change much in size." He rubbed his chin while studying Sylvie, who had fallen asleep on my head. Just by analyzing his internal mana circulation, Curtis didn't seem to have gone through assimilation since the World Lion's beast will wasn't too strong on him.
"Yeah, her growth rate seems awfully slow," I said indifferently.
"It's okay! Even though there are quite a bit of students here that have bonds, most of them aren't beast tamers and not many of them even have equals contracts." He patted my shoulder, trying to comfort me.
Looking closely, Curtis and his world lion looked oddly similar. Curtis' hair and Grawder's mane were of comparable color and both of them had a fierce look.
"Ah, right! You remember my sister, Kathyln, right?" he continued. The pretty, petite black-haired girl gave me a silent bow. She was dressed very similarly to his brother except instead of pants; she wore a skirt that came down above her knees, much like all the other girls in this academy. The only girl I'd seen so far that hasn't worn a skirt was Doradrea, which I had no complaints about.
"Nice to see you again." I gave a simple bow in response. She had grown to look more and more like her mother. The stark contrast of her flawless porcelain skin and her jet-black hair, dark eyes, and long lashes made her look like a doll.
"Nice to meet you once more, Arthur. I am a first-year as well, coming in as a scholar mage student. I am a single specialist conjurer in ice attribute magic." She bowed once more, her expression set like stone.
I see… She's a deviant!
"I guess I'm next, although the order is off! My name is Claire! Claire Bladeheart. After the new changes in the school grade system, I'm considered a sixth-year battle mage student with dual attribute in fire and wind, and I'm also the leader of the disciplinary committee! I'm an augmenter like yourself, so just ask me if you have any questions!" This upperclassman oozed positivity and passion from her very pores. She wasn't nearly as pretty as Tess or Kathyln but she did have her own charm, with her scarlet red hair that came down to her chin. Claire wore a military-style uniform as well but instead of golden cord like the Glayder siblings, both her shoulders had gold epaulettes, which were basically ornamental shoulder pads along with an embellished collar that went up around her neck. That, along with her light gray and gold-accented skirt with knee-high boots gave her uniform a much more royal feel compared to my simple one.
I tried imagining myself in a uniform like Claire's or Curtis' and I shuddered at the thought. While it looked great on her, I was glad that the DC officer uniforms were tailored to each of their preferences and that Director Goodsky made mine much simpler.
It took me a second to register but I suddenly remembered why her name sounded so familiar. "Are you perhaps related to Kaspian Bladeheart?" I questioned.
"Oh? Do you know my uncle?" She tilted her head to one side.
"No. I've just heard many great things about Kaspian Bladeheart's strength from my father's ex-party member." I gave her a warm smile as she nodded in understanding.
"I see. Well, I received training from my uncle as soon as I had awakened so many of my techniques are similar to his. Of course, I still have a long way to go, though." I saw her place a hand on the golden hilt of the rapier strapped on her left side.
"Long time no see, Arthur Leywin!" a tall blonde elf that looked to be a couple of years older than me walked up, crossing his arms while he looked down at me.
"I apologize… Do I know you?" I really had no idea who this elf was until Sylvie mentally transmitted who he was.
"Ah! You're Feyfey!" I pointed at him in surprise. Boy, did he get big. He was at least a head taller than me and he turned out to become quite the pretty boy.
Feyfey's face instantly turned beet red as he placed both hands on my shoulders. "It's FeyRITH…Feyrith Ivsaar III. And although I'm a first-year like you, I'm still a couple of years older than you so don't call me by nicknames. I'm a water specialist conjurer, by the way." I could see veins popping from his forehead.
"Haha! Long time no see!" I exclaimed as I shook his hands. He just looked at me, bewildered. His uniform was completely black with gold stripes across his shoulders. It was simpler than everyone else's but it suited him well.
"Last but not least, this is Theodore Maxwell!" Claire got in between Feyrith and I and directed my attention to the last member.
"Hmph! Seems like the disciplinary committee has stooped low enough to recruit twerps." Theodore stood up and I swore I thought he was a bear. He stood at about two meters high at least, easily around the same height as Grawder. His uniform was just a vest that was unbuttoned, revealing his bulging muscles. By the tear marks on the arm openings of the vest, I could assume it wasn't originally designed as a vest.
He stood in front of me and placed a hand on my shoulder.
Suddenly, I felt the weight on top of me increase several times over as my feet began sinking, the floor around me beginning to crack. This was a deviant capable of manipulating gravity.
My body was able to withstand it thanks to the assimilation I had gone through with Sylvia's dragon will but I still definitely felt my body begin to protest. I strengthened my body further with mana as I lifted his hand off of my shoulder, my eyes dead set on Theodore.
He wanted to test me?
"Hmph." Feeling the cold, wordless gaze I gave to him, Theodore released his skill and walked away, muttering, "Not bad."
A whistle sounded from the cluster of students.
"Arthur has guts. Feyrith crumbled to his knees when Theodore did that to him." Kai snickered from the side.
"Hey, I'm a conjurer and Arthur is an augmenter! Please do not compare me to brutes like you guys," he lashed out, his face red from embarrassment.
"Now, now! I'm excited as to what this semester will bring us! We're going to be a team from now on, guys! We'll get lots of chances to bond and get closer, so look forward to it!" Claire piped up in a cheery voice as she puts her hand out.
"I'm looking forward to it!" Kai put his bandaged hand on top of Claire, his face still a mocking smile.
"Aye! Sounds like we're going to have some interesting times!" Doradrea got on her toes as she put her beefy hand on top of Kai's.
"Haha! Yes! Let's do our best!" Curtis placed his hand in as well, Kathyln wordlessly following suit.
I'd just met everyone and I was already tired. "I'm sure it'll be a blast," I breathed out while placing my hand on top of Kathyln's. Sylvie ran down my arm and placed her paw in as well.
Theodore put his massive hand on top of Sylvie's and my hand, making the whole circle stumble a step forward. As Theodore gave a silent nod, Claire gave us a big, confident smile and shouted, "TO US! THE DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE!"
"AYE!"
______________________________________________
"Before the club rush commences, the student council would like to formally introduce to you, the students of this academy, a group that was personally picked by the director in hopes to resolve and prevent disputes amongst students as well as enforce penalizing measures for troublemakers. While the student council's main job is to help the director make sure this academy and the events held run smoothly, this group's job allows them to use magic appropriately to uphold the peace and safety of students, whether against other students or trespassers. Please join me in welcoming the disciplinary committee!" Tessia's voice rang at her last words.
The auditorium filled with applause as the red curtains we stood behind were raised. We stood there, shoulders square and hands glued to our sides. I had to admit that with people like Curtis with Grawder behind him, Theodore, Claire and even Feyrith, we were an impressive sight in our color-coordinated uniforms.
I took a peek at Tessia and I realized she was staring at me but as soon as our eyes met, she quickly turned her head away. As we stood in front of the students of Xyrus on the stage, side by side, we pulled out our knives and held them out in front of us so the insignia showed. Unsheathing our knives, we proceeded to do a small, choreographed routine before saluting the crowd.
Claire spoke out on behalf of the disciplinary committee with a short speech before we all headed out towards the back of the stage, leaving the crowd with mixed emotions.
For some students, the disciplinary committee meant to serve as a shackle that prohibited their spoiled behavior. For others, the disciplinary committee served as an aegis, protecting them from the threat of harm.
Either way, it would be an interesting school year.


Chapter 51: Classes and Professors

"Hey isn't that one of the DC officers? I think his name was Arthur, right?"
"Isn't he only a first-year? How was he able to get into the disciplinary committee? Does he have connections or something?"
"Stupid. Even if he had connections, I hear everyone from the disciplinary committee needs to be really strong."
"He's kinda cute, no?"
"Yeah, he's totally my type."
"That white fox on top of his head is so adorable!"
I sat towards the back of the classroom with Elijah next to me. The constant murmurs and whispers that echoed against the walls made my head hurt. The professor for our first class, Fundamentals of Magic Theory, had yet to arrive, allowing the discussions of this morning's ceremony to ceaselessly go on.
"Look at how popular you are, Mr. DC Officer." Elijah nudged me with his elbow while giving me a sarcastic smirk.
Before I had the chance to respond, the person who I assumed was the professor, walked in with confident strides.
Our professor seemed pretty young—at most, in his mid-thirties. He had well-parted brown hair that he kept neat and styled. His face was freshly shaven to reveal a narrow jaw. He was on the thinner side, but in no ways out of shape. His proportions were good for a conjurer, which I could tell by the wand strapped to his side.
Using the folder he was holding as a gavel, he thumped it on the front podium before speaking. "Now, now… I realize that there are many wonderful things to talk about, but you guys aren't very good at gossiping. If the person of topic is in the same room and can hear what you are saying, then it really isn't gossip now, is it?" He looked in my direction and gave me a wink, making me shake my head in defeat.
Some of the students gossiping shrank down in embarrassment but most of the students just laughed.
"My name is Professor Avius and I must say that it's great to meet you all. While this is technically a basic class and some may think that it is unnecessary, I, on the other hand, believe this class is the foundation for what will make you a great mage. We won't be doing much casting but there will be fun assignments and projects that I will assign along the way, so look forward to it!"
With that, the class erupted in a synchronized groan at the thought of doing projects. I couldn't imagine what sort of projects he was going to assign twelve to fourteen-year-olds but it should be rather easy.
"On that note, I think today is a rather fine day to have a lecture! No one's going to get any younger so absorb as much knowledge as you can while your brains are still fresh! Take out your notebooks and writing utensils!" His thin face wrinkled as he smiled.
Elijah adjusted his glasses and promptly took out a fresh new notebook and pen while eagerly writing the title of the class and today's date.
I just leaned forward and rested my chin on my hand as I began to listen.
"Today's topic will focus on the segregation between conjurers and augmenters!" He wrote messily on the chalkboard. "There is a deeply embedded discrimination against augmenters by conjurers on the premise that augmenters are 'brutes' or 'savages' that can only fight by getting themselves dirty." He used his fingers to air quote. "This is a rather uneducated stigma that everyone should get rid of right here and right now." He leaned forward, his face turning serious.
His words caused a few murmurs of disagreement and some of acknowledgement.
"Coming from the point of view of a conjurer, it is silly to say that we are above augmenters because our bodies are more suitable for influencing mana remotely as this is an advantage we have only while we are in lower levels." He scribbled some key points on the chalkboard. "When a mage's mana core, conjurers and augmenters alike, reaches the silver stage, the ability to manipulate mana becomes much more unrestricted. There becomes less of a distinction between the usage of mana veins and mana channels because the purity of mana that is produced from our mana core enables us to freely manipulate mana remotely and directly." He underlined 'remotely' and 'directly' while circling the point, 'less of a distinction.'
I heard Elijah 'ooh' in understanding and furiously scribble the statement into his notebook.
Hmm… This professor at least knew what he was talking about. While training, I'd become more and more aware that the higher the stage you reached in your mana core cultivation, there indeed was less of a true distinction.
"So tell, me class. If, in the end, two mages—one conjurer and one augmenter, both reach the silver core stage, who would have the advantage? I, for one, say that it's is either evenly matched or that even the augmenter would have an advantage." This statement creates even a louder protest from the students.
"Before you shoot me down, think about this. Until the silver stage, assuming that we have both the talent and necessary luck to get there, both conjurers and augmenters train in developing their magic. However, augmenters also trained in hand-to-hand combat, refining their bodies along with their skills since the time they awakened, which was usually during the prepubescent age. As the augmenter becomes stronger and reaches the latter stages of his core, he will continue to develop his long-range skills, although it may be inferior to conjurers at this point. However, once the Augmenter reaches closer and closer to the pinnacle of his core development, casting long-range spells will become more and more natural while the augmenter will still naturally keep his combat skills. So, tell me… are conjurers really the more noble, more dominant type of mage?"
"Some old-fashioned mages continue to believe that conjurers remain the prevailing mana manipulator but Director Cynthia, along with many other influential figures in this continent are trying to establish ways to inhibit this belief. I implore you youngsters to keep this fact in mind. augmenters, don't get hot headed because of this topic since, at this stage, you are still clearly at a disadvantage against conjurers. Conjurers, don't just mope around at this news and develop your combat skills. While it may be harder for you to defend yourselves without the natural competency in forging mana around your body internally, that doesn't mean there is no way to use spells to strengthen your body. So learn how to fight hand-to-hand." He closed his notes and stopped talking, leaving a moment of silence for us to digest what we just heard.
"Any questions?" he said softly, giving us a sincere smile.
Elijah's hand immediately shot up and the professor pointed at him to ask away.
"Professor, if what you're saying is true, what is really the end result between the two category of mages when they reach the silver stage or even higher?" he asked seriously, not a hint of my usual girl-thirsty friend in sight.
"Good question…Elijah Knight." He looked down at his notes before he responded. "The end result is two mages with different preferences in styles of fighting. The conjurer at this stage will be able to imbue their body with mana just like an augmenter can at lower stages, but their fighting style will lean more towards long-range combat, consisting of many layers of spells to trick and weave around an augmenter who may be more adept if they get close." He wrote down some of the major points in his explanation.
"As for the augmenter, while long range spells will become more natural for them, just like the conjurers at this stage, they usually lean more towards fighting up close and using projectile spells more straight-forwardly. Augmenters, after all, are not as accustomed to remotely fighting like the conjurers who, in order to distance themselves from close-range threats, prepare many layers of spells through multi-casting and chain-casting." He circled the keywords for us to remember.
Elijah just nodded in understanding as he again wrote down, almost word for word, what the professor just explained.
The class ended with a few more minor questions from various classmates. As the giant bell tower rang, the professor wrapped up the discussion and we prepared for our next class.
"I'll see you at lunch then?" Elijah asked while he packed up his bag.
"Sure. The person who gets there first saves the other a spot in line." I patted my friend on the back before leaving through the door.
As I walked through the densely packed hall, I sensed some gazes here and there after they recognized my appearance and uniform. On the way to my next class, which was Practical Mana Manipulation, I realized that there were quite a bit of students who had bonds. Most weren't so impressive, like the horned rat I saw on a student's shoulder, but there were some rather large beasts that students were proudly showing off. This boy who looked to be around 15 was riding on top of a giant lizard and had his chin proudly out. I didn't even know what that lizard was called but from the amount of mana it had inside its beast core, it couldn't be more than a C class mana beast.
When I arrived to my next class, I noticed that the layout of this room was very different. It was shaped like a miniature arena, with a battling platform in the middle, encased in a barrier field, and rows of seats circling around it.
I made my way to a random spot and sat down. 'I'm hungry,' Sylvie grumbled as she began impatiently thumping her head on top of mine. 'Yeah, me too; lunch is still a bit away though, do you want to go and catch something?' Sylvie nodded and scurried off at a speed that startled me. She was surprisingly fast when it came to food.
More and more students started filling the room after a few minutes. While most were first years, there were some second years that decided to take this class later.
"May I sit here?" I turned my head to find Kathyln in her disciplinary committee uniform standing beside me.
"Sure, go ahead." I moved my bag that I had on the seat next to me so she could sit. Her expression didn't change but she did give me a slight bow before removing her notes, carefully straightening out her skirt in a refined manner before taking a seat.
"Well, look who we have here! If it isn't Princess Kathyln and my rival, Arthur Leywin." From the front of the door, Feyrith confidently walked towards Kathyln and I.
Since when did he become my rival… and a rival in what, exactly?
"Aren't you loud this morning." I leaned my head on my hands as I looked at him.
"Well, it is a fine morning today. Didn't the commencement ceremony today make you excited?" he harrumphed as he took the seat on my other side.
Why was he sitting next to me? I thought he wasn't very fond of me.
"While it is a bit late into the morning, it is still technically the morning so…Good morning!" A rather upbeat, bulky man wearing a light armor clapped to get everyone's attention. He looked more like a low-class adventurer instead of a professor but when I inspected his mana core level, I was surprised to see that he was light yellow stage.
"Well, we have quite the crowd of students. I know my class is always popular but I'm honored to have this many students! My name is Professor Geist. Welcome ladies and gents, and welcome DC officers. It is a privilege to have you in my class." I couldn't tell whether he was being sarcastic or not when he directed his little welcome at us but I chose to not mind it.
"This is Practical Mana Manipulation, or PMM as I like to call it. That means we will be doing things very practically! Practically, in my definition, means through example, because what better way to learn than through hands-on experience, right?" His deep bass voice boomed throughout the class, waking up anyone that might've still been sleepy, which included me.
"I understand that most of you are first-years and that many of you have just awakened not too long ago. However, parents have been more and more dedicated in teaching their children as soon as they awaken before they even send them here, so even that assumption is mostly inaccurate. However, for the sake of equality, I shall assume that every first year is a beginner in mana manipulation, of course with the few exceptions, i.e. the three sitting right there." He pointed to the three of us while giving us a wink, drawing attention to us from everyone inside the room.
"I'm sure everyone, including myself, is curious as to what sort of level in ability our newly formed DC has. They are the ones that are going to be protecting the students here in this academy after all, right?" Several shouts of agreement spawned from around the room.
I inwardly sighed, realizing that this professor was going to make this class a real pain in the ass for me. I saw even Kathlyn's brow twitch in annoyance on her usually expressionless face.
"Hmph! Well. if Professor Geist insists, I shall volunteer myself on behalf of the disciplinary committee to demonstrate the ability that our group, that was personally picked by the director, possesses." Feyrith got up from his seat and placed his right hand over his heart in a proud manner.
Sigh…
"HAHA! That's more like it! Feyrith, correct? Come down to the stage," he gestured.
Feyrith elegantly hopped down from his seat onto the battle arena in the center of the large classroom. Some of the students cheered for him while others were eager for blood.
"Hmm, if my guess is correct, you are a light orange stage conjurer with water specialization, correct? Pretty good for a fifteen-year-old, even as an elf." The professor rubbed his chin, studying him.
"Yes! By the fact that I cannot sense your mana core level, I assume that you must be quite a bit of a higher level than myself. It is an honor to receive your tutelage." While Feyrith's response was very well-mannered, he had a slight tone of arrogance, as if implying that even if the professor was a higher level, he could stand his own against him.
"Of course! I am at light yellow level stage, after all! To make things fair, I will only use long range attacks in this demonstration." He took out a two-handed sword from a dimension item he had attached to the buckle of his belt and stabbed it into the stadium behind him.
I could tell Feyrith was about to protest that it wasn't necessary but before he could, Professor Geist held his hand up. "Please. If I were to lose, I would at least have an excuse, right? Please cut this old man some slack." He winked at him as the other students started laughing.
He sounded sincere but I could tell that he was confident in winning against Feyrith, even with this handicap.
"Feyrith is going to lose," Kathyln said softly.
"Oh really? How can you tell?" For me, it was just a gut feeling but it seemed like Kathyln saw something that I didn't.
However, she didn't respond, so I just went back to watching the mock battle that was about to start.
"Let me quickly set up the barrier before we begin so that our audience is safe from mana projectiles." The professor mumbled a few incantations and a space around the arena started glowing dimly.
"Let us begin!" He grinned as Feyrith took out his wand and prepared for a spell.
"Water Serpent!" A stream of water circled around Feyrith and soon took the form of a giant snake. "Flood Domain!" Feyrith instantly set off another spell immediately after the water serpent spell formed. Soon, a pool of water rose up to their knees on the arena, and the water serpent dove into the layer of water surrounding both Feyrith and Professor Geist.
A domain spell was a higher-tier technique that was used to make the territory more advantageous to the casting mage.
"Fireball," Professor Geist said to my surprise.The low-tier spell that every fire attribute mage learned formed in Professor Geist's palm but rather than the normal reddish-orange color, the spell glowed a dim blue.
It amazed me that an augmenter was able to figure out and apply the theory behind the properties of fire when even the smartest conjurers had trouble efficiently using it.
The blue fireball shot out of Professor Geist's hand and flew towards Feyrith, who had no idea how strong that spell actually was.
"You'll have to do better than that, Professor!" Feyrith confidently flicked his wand up and manipulated the layer of water on the ground to form a thick wall of water in front of him. At the same time, the Water Serpent spell Feyrith conjured erupted out of the water beside Professor Geist and lunged at him.
Our professor enveloped his left arm in a blue flame and braced against the force of Feyrith's spell. As the water serpent struck Professor Geist, a cloud of steam erupted, hiding him from view.
Meanwhile, the blue fireball smashed into the wall of water, creating a sharp hiss as our professor's spell bore through Feyrith's defense, making its way towards my fellow DC member.
Feyrith's face paled as he realized he was defenseless against the fireball but he was able to react in time to form another layer of water in front of him to minimize the damage.
"Oof!" The fireball, now reduced to the size of a fingernail by the time it reached Feyrith, still left a hole in the protective uniform he was wearing, knocking him back a couple of steps before he stumbled onto his butt.
"Do you surrender?" Professor Geist gave a wide grin as he walked out of the cloud of steam while juggling two more blue fireballs in his hand.
"Y-Yes…I concede." Feyrith had his head down in shame as he trudged back to us, his uniform soaking.
The students were all mumbling about how the DC wasn't that great, doubting whether we actually had the capability to protect them.
"You did well, Feyrith." I patted the elf's back. He did well considering he didn't know what he was up against. What was this professor trying to do by making a fool of us here? Did he just want to boost his ego by picking on his students?
"Would anyone else like to volunteer?" he stated while looking at Kathyln and I. I was about to raise my hand but was startled when Kathyln suddenly shot up from her seat and spoke. "Please guide me well," she said simply before lightly hopping down into the arena.


Chapter 52: Classes and Professors II

"Kathlyn Glayder. I must say that it is an honor to have your presence in my humble class." Professor Geist gave a deep, exaggerated bow. "Please do not hold whatever the results may be in this 'demonstration' against me," he continued, putting on a pitiful face.
Her cold expression unwavering, Kathlyn just nodded, drawing her staff out from the dimension ring on her pinky.
"Very good! Let us proceed!" The Professor clapped, fire igniting from between his palms.
Without a word, she lifted her sky blue staff. Before Professor Geist had a chance to unleash his fireball, two javelins of ice formed around Kathlyn.
"Shoot." I heard my fellow disciplinary committee officer mutter before the javelins fired towards our professor.
So she decided to go the offensive route to keep Professor Geist from attacking her.
A faint smirk crept up on our professor's face as he lifted his hands that were still aflame, ready to block the ice spears.
As soon as the ice javelins touched the fire on his palms, they instantly melt, disappearing slowly as a sharp hiss resounded.
"Ice Javelin," she muttered again, and this time, instead of two, five spinning javelins formed near Kathlyn.
"Shoot." Her expression remained icy, like a coiled serpent ready to spring.
"Haha! Impressive! As expected of our princess!" Professor Geist grinned, the class leaning forward to get a better view of this intense battle. Since most of the students were first-years, they weren't at the level where they'd be able to conjure something like this, let alone almost instantly.
Our professor concentrated as the five spears shooting toward him, ready to pierce through if not countered.
"Ember Wisps!" The spell he prepared finished in time as Professor Geist jumped back, releasing small, floating orbs of blue flames.
Wasn't this the spell Lucas used during his rank examination?
"Break," Kathlyn muttered, and she willed her five ice javelins to shatter into an uncountable amount of small, sharp shards of ice.
"Fire!" Professor Geist, his face not nearly so smug as before, willed his orbs of blue fire to shoot at his opponent. Kathlyn, on the other hand, was so focused on finishing her final spell that she ignored the incoming streams of blue fire about to hit her.
"Ice Tornado!" Her voice filled with a faint panic as she realized upon finishing her spell that she was about to receive the brunt of Geist's attack.
PROFESSOR GEIST'S POV:
That idiot! Why didn't she defend herself instead of trying to finish the last spell?
As the tornado of ice shards began to whirl around me, I became nervous. I wasn't scared of this fancy spell; I was scared that she might be gravely injured from my attack.
Wasn't it common sense for a conjurer to have a layer of defense in battles? I chose a relatively easy spell to counter and the fact that she was a deviant specializing in ice made it all the more easy for her. Did she want to win so much that she chose to forego that?
I cancelled the spell but only the ember wisps disappeared. The streams of blue fire that they shot at the stupid princess was still heading her way.
Damn it. I'm screwed.
Scorch Field.
I willed a layer of heat around my body to melt the shards of ice circling me. I was left with some light scratches but I didn't care. What happened to the princess? I didn't hear any screams from the other students. Maybe she was okay?
Damn… I should've stopped after making a fool of the elf.
After the layer of ice shards that were blocking my view melted, I immediately tried to find the princess but instead, I found the last member of the three DC officers in my class, Arthur Leywin, in front of Kathlyn, who was still covering her face with her arms in panic. His palm was out in front of him while his other arm wrapped protectively around the princess.
His eyes… I couldn't help but involuntarily tremble from the baleful glare that pierced through me. It felt even sharper than those ice spears that the princess threw at me.
"I think this little game of yours has gone on long enough, don't you think?" His expression stayed icy, the innocent façade that I now knew he usually kept nowhere in sight as his domineering gaze looked at me without remorse. Was this his true face?
"While I am thankful for your concern over the princess, it was unnecessary, as I had it all under control." No way was I going to lose face right here, on the first day, in front of all of my students.
"Under control?" Arthur's brow slightly twitched and I could sense his annoyance. Was I the only one feeling this pressure? This wasn't normal. AA class mana beasts didn't even exude this much pressure.
"Yes. Do you think that I, a professor at this esteemed academy, would actually put one of my students in harm's way?" I said calmly. There was no proof! Today was all just a little mistake.
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
This ingrate really planned on insisting that he had this all under control. I already knew from watching Lucas that once the remote spell from the wisps were shot, they couldn't be cancelled. Then again, there was no proof since I'd blocked it.
"I see… then in that case, allow me to take the place of my colleague in this 'demonstration.'"
"Haha…well, if you insist. I seem to have scared the princess a little too much with my last spell. I should've cancelled it earlier if I knew you were going to interrupt. Now, some of my students may misunderstand that I was trying to actually hurt her."
Even now, this pathetic excuse of an instructor was trying to defend his position. I could already tell from the various murmurs around the class that most of the students already believed what he was saying.
I turned back to Kathlyn. "You're okay. Do you think you can make it back to your seat on your own?" I gently stirred her from her stupor.
"Y-Yes… I'm really sorry." For the first time, I saw a change in Kathlyn's expression. She looked really embarrassed, her porcelain white skin flushing a light red as she turned away to go back to her seat.
"Then please guide me well." I turned back to Professor Geist and drew Dawn's Ballad. The translucent teal blade triggered gasps and mutters of amazement as even Geist looked at my sword, wide-eyed in wanting.
"Quite the nice weapon you got there. Since you are an augmenter, I suppose it would be fair to let you choose which method you would like for me to fight with." He shrugged his shoulders helplessly as he walked towards his sword, which was embedded into the ground.
"It doesn't matter," I responded simply.
I could see a vein popping in annoyance from our professor as he looked back at me.
"I Insist," he retorted.
"Then please go with what you're more confident in." I took a couple steps forward, my face still peering deep into him, studying his every movement and action.
Scum or not, this professor was still a light yellow class veteran augmenter. The fact that he had the insight to use blue fire meant he was pretty capable.
I saw the once grinning professor scowl as his face turned a bit red. I could tell he really wanted to leave an amazing impression on his class, and so far, I wasn't giving him much face.
"Very well then. I'll be sure to go easy on you." The upper portion of his face betrayed his lighthearted smile.
Pulling out his sword with ease, Geist made his way towards me as well, his blade dancing around him gracefully as he handled it with little effort.
He blinked towards me without warning, swinging his blade down with a force that wasn't exactly 'easy.'
His sword was imbued in a layer of blue fire, the heat that radiated from it making deadly. After parrying his initial surprise attack, I used wind attribute mana to keep the trail of fire away from me.
Since I was only able to use wind and earth mana, I had to really think about how to best utilize my assets to overcome a stronger opponent. While it would've been easy to use blue fire myself, I didn't have that option right now.
His bombardment continued, the force of each swing and stab getting faster and stronger, as if trying to test the limit I could handle. Every time I parried or dodged his attack with ease, his next attacks would be kicked up a notch.
I wasn't using any spells to receive his attacks, just mana strengthening and pure sword technique, which seemed to frustrate our professor even more.
"I'm sure the disciplinary committee aren't only made of rats who keep dodging and running away," he said loudly, putting on a joking face.
"Is there really a need for me to attack when our esteemed professor can't even land one on a first-year student?" I countered, putting on an innocent face.
He didn't answer, his lips contorted in anger instead. By this time, a couple of the students had already caught on that this wasn't just a simple demonstration, some whispering if they should call the director or the student council over.
Professor Geist's attacks became fiercer as he started implementing several spells along with his attacks.
"Flame Pillar." A stream of blue fire shot up from the ground beneath me as I instantly sidestepped to avoid it, countering him with a concise strike to his neck.
Catching him by surprise, he jumped back a lot further than he had to, in order to dodge my blade, a bead of sweat forming on his brow.
"Even rats become deadly when cornered, Professor." I shot him a snide grin as I immediately closed the distance between the two of us.
Appearing right next to him, I willed wind mana around the blade of my sword as I prepared a spell. Each swing I took formed a still path of wind, confusing Professor Geist who was still able to block my blows. Every swipe, every lunge, and every swing I took created an almost transparent path of air in its trajectory.
Professor Geist wasn't trying to put on an act of confidence anymore, concentration was etched on his face as he tried to block my flurry of attacks.
He was reaching the edge of the arena as each blow from me forced him to take a step back, the flames on his sword flickering helplessly upon receiving each attack.
It was about time to end this.
I willed the surface of the ground where he was about to take his next step to concave in, making him slightly lose his balance. As expected of a veteran augmenter, he stumbled for a split second but was able to soon regain his balance. However, that split second was all that I needed.
[Tempest]
The dozens of trails of wind that were produced from each of my mana-instilled blade suddenly glowed and shot out. My assault reached its climax as the speed of my attacks increased, my blade becoming barely visible. All the while, the spell I had just activated, Tempest, followed behind each of my attacks, making my barrage a chain of both sword and sharp blades of wind.
"AHHH!" Overwhelmed by the sheer quantity of attacks that he couldn't hope to block completely, he stumbled onto his butt and rolled out of the arena.
The protective barrier that blocked all spells from going through flickered and cracked as my tempest spell bombarded against it until finally, the barrier broke with a sharp sound. It had been strong enough to block all but one last blade of wind from my spell, which grazed my professor's neck, producing a trickle of blood.
Fortunately, the Professor's mana-imbued body was strong enough so that my deadly blades of wind only grazed him, but he still sat flat on his back, his face pale in fright and knees shaking as I buried my blade in the ground right next to his carotid artery.
Pulling out my sword and putting it back into my dimension ring, I look down at our professor. "Thank you for your guidance."
As if on cue, the bell rang, and I walked out of the room, leaving the entire class's eyes wide and jaws slack.
"…A-Arthur." I heard a soft voice from behind me. It was Kathlyn running towards me with Feyrith following behind.
"I have to admit, you were impressive back there, Arthur. As expected of my rival." Feyrith crossed his arms, but his face looked a little disheartened.
Putting an arm on the elf's shoulder, I said to him, "You did good out there, Feyrith. If you knew the type of spell that the professor was using, I know you would've prepared more preventive measures."
"O-Of course! If I knew that the specific spell he would use was a lot stronger than I anticipated, I'm sure I would've come out as the victor in the end," he said, but the faint smile on his face showed that he appreciated my faith.
I turned to Kathlyn, who was still a bit shaken up. "Are you an idiot?" I said to her, flicking her lightly on the forehead.
She looked at me in utter shock, and even Feyrith looked a bit panicked.
"If you chose to defend yourself instead of focusing so much on beating the guy, you wouldn't have put yourself at risk like that. Don't be so stubborn and think things through more carefully. You know… you're awfully emotional for someone whose face never changes." I gave her a playful smirk before walking to my next class, leaving the princess in a daze while Feyrith panicked, thinking of ways to console her.
"Kyuu!" 'Ah~ I'm full! How was class, Papa?' Sylvie scurried on top of my head and settled in, messing up my hair.
'Meh, it was okay.' I simply think, patting my precious bond.


Chapter 53: Classes and Professors III

While walking to my next class, I couldn't help but become a bit frustrated with myself. I had been impatient back there, only wanting to overpower Professor Geist to end it fast. Using only my wind and earth attributes, I couldn't end it as easily as I'd wanted to. I guess being blessed with too many gifts had made me become a bit too impertinent. In reality, I'd yet to reach the pinnacle of strength in this continent even though I definitely had enough advantages that would allow me to reach the top. With that mindset, I needed to stop comparing myself to students my age and think bigger. My only hope was that the upper division classes would offer insight into mana manipulation that I couldn't pinpoint on my own.
I was rather interested in my next class, Basics of Artificing. Artificing was something that never existed in my old world. I was sure there were relevant ties to technology used in my old world but the premise of manipulating and coding mana to have specific uses designated to an object would be new to me.
Upon entering the classroom, I was pleasantly surprised to see that the layout of the room was that of a laboratory. Beakers, containers, different types of ores and various gadgets filled the room, making it all the more authentic.
I was somewhat relieved to see that there was no one I knew in this class, giving me peace of mind. As students started filing in and sitting next to acquaintances and friends, a girl that looked to be about my age walked by and stood next to the stool beside mine.
"I-Is this seat taken? If it is, I'll move somewhere else!" I didn't know why she looked so panicked but I couldn't help but chuckle at her innocent personality.
"No, the seat isn't taken. You're free to sit there if you wish." I said with a welcoming smile, taking a seat myself.
The girl was ordinary, to say the least. Her thick round glasses magnified her eyes and the freckles underneath them. Her curly hair looked like it had a life of its own, as it was forcibly tied into a ponytail down her back.
Compared to girls like Tess and Kathyln, whom everyone fawned over—and for good reason—she was rather plain. But for some reason, it was comfortable around her.
"Th-Thank you…" she muttered with her head faced down. "…mily."
"What was that?" I leaned in closer to hear her last sentence.
"Emily! My name is Emily Watsken! Please be my friend—I mean, please to meet you!" Her eyes widened, stunned at her own words.
I shared her expression before I burst out into a laugh.
"Sure. My name is Arthur Leywin." I grasped her hand and couldn't help but become surprised by how coarse her palm was.
"O-Oh! I'm sorry! It probably feels gross, right?" She retracted her callused hand while her face turned a bit red, accentuating the freckles on her cheeks.
"No, it's quite fine. I have calluses too. See?" I held my sword hand out to reveal the hardened lumps on my palms
"Wow…you're right! You must practice a lot! It's no wonder you're in the disciplinary committee. I really admire that! For me, I really love artificing, so I end up fiddling around with a lot gadgets. Unfortunately, it makes my hands get this rough." She scratched her head, her sentences becoming faster as she got more comfortable with me
"Really? I rather admire people like you. I'm jealous that you have such a passion for artificing. The only thing you get better at when fighting is destroying and killing, but the better you get at artificing, the more things you can create." I looked down at my own callused hands.
"Woah… that's deep." I saw Emily readjust her thick glasses while she pondered what I had just said in her head.
"Haha, I ended up saying something unpleasant. I apologize." The class was getting pretty loud as the room filled up with eager students, most of which were here as a scholar mages.
"No no no! It wasn't unpleasant at all! Just, it's not something you hear every day from a twelve-year-old." She desperately shook her hands to gesture that it was okay.
"You say that as if you aren't a twelve-year-old yourself," I snickered as I looked at her.
Slumping in her chair, she lets out a sigh. "True… It's because I'm apparently a genius of some sorts. I don't really get why people say that but people don't really treat me as a child anymore after I created the projection display artifact."
"Wait what? You're the one that invented the display used to show the kings' and queens' announcement?" I stood up from my stool.
"Mhmm, well only a part of it… I tinkered around with some of the things in my parents' lab and I made the basic designs a couple years back." She scratched her curly hair again.
Sinking back into my stool, I let out a deep breath. Holy crap. She built something like that when she wasn't even 10!
"Well, I must say that it is an honor to be in the presence of a genius such as yourself." I give her a smirk, bowing my head in mock fealty.
"Oh, please. Don't you start now too! Besides, you're quite famous too, you know!" She gave me a smirk as her glasses reflect the classroom light, making her look like an evil scientist.
"Really? I've tried very hard to lay low. I guess that didn't work." I leaned my head on my hand.
"Pfft. Well joining the disciplinary committee as a first year sure didn't help."
"There are other first year students in the committee as well," I refuted.
"But not humans! You and Princess Kathyln are the only ones, and the Princess has been hailed as a prodigy since she awakened. That leaves you, a mysterious human freshman that has a bond with a white fox-like mana beast and no background, also able to overwhelm and completely demolish a professor that is a veteran adventurer at the light yellow core stage." By this time, she was leaning closer and closer to me.
"What? How do you already know about what happened with Professor Geist?! That literally happened fifteen minutes ago!"
"Kyu!" Sylvie echoed in protest at being called fox-like, although that essentially was what she was.
"Don't be so surprised! This is a magic academy, after all. News travels fast and gossip travels even faster. I bet you some people in this class already know what happened." She smirked while wagging her finger.
"Oh God… You know, I noticed you're awfully talkative now compared to when you stuttered your greeting when you first came in." I couldn't help but realize the change in her personality.
"Shut up! I s-suck with strangers, okay? Besides, I don't usually get along with new people this easily. You're different, though! It was easy to get comfortable with you since we're really similar." She harrumphed, crossing her arms over her undeveloped chest.
"Similar in what way?" I raise a brow.
She grinned broadly, "We're both freaks!"
I rolled my eyes at her conjecture but realized that, because of how high her intelligence was, I was more comfortable with her than other kids my age.
As I was about to respond to her statement, the classroom door swung open and I saw a familiar face.
"Greetings, plebeians! Please feel honored to have me, Professor Gideon, as your teacher for this class!" The crazy scientist skedaddled his way onto the podium while the pair of goggles that were hanging from his neck bounced up and down.
As he gazed through the classroom with a condescending eye, he eventually reached Emily and me.
"AH! Well, if it isn't Arthur. I had no idea that you would be in my class!" He clasped his cheeks in an obviously fake way, making me shake my head.
"And my oh my, getting along with Miss Watsken! I must say you two would make quite the team! Good good! Let's begin the first day of classes by a little introduction of myself!" He smiled, writing his name in big letters behind him.
The lecture continued on with Gideon rambling on about how remarkable he was for the following hour and a half. Most students, myself included, were half asleep but Emily's eyes sparkled as she absorbed every bit of information that came out of Gideon's thin lips. I guessed even a genius like her respected Gideon in the field of artificing. Made me almost want to admire him.
Meanwhile, Sylvie was curled up on the desk in front of me, using my arm as a pillow, when an olive green owl suddenly flew in from the window, landing on my shoulder.
"Kyu!" Sylv jumped up in surprise and growled as the owl just calmly grooms itself.
"Well, it seems like Director Goodsky is beckoning you, brat!" Gideon walked up to me, massaging his hunched shoulders.
"You shouldn't keep her waiting. Shoo! Off you go!" He slapped my back as he continued on talking about how great he was.
Emily leaned in, not surprised. "I told you not to underestimate how fast news travelled!"
"Yeah, yeah…" I walked out of the classroom, hearing some of my classmates begin their discussion about what happened.
"Now… where was Director Cynthia's office again?" I scratched my head.
As if he understood, the owl flew off of my shoulder and began flying towards the right, gesturing us to follow.
"Kyu!" 'Papa, he's dangerous!' Sylvie warned me, her fur standing onend.
The campus was fairly empty as most of the students were either in class, training on their own, or in their dorms. Getting caught up in the beautiful scenery of this campus, I realized a little late that the owl had landed on a statue in front of a building that I assumed was the director's office, waiting for me to enter.
Opening the door, I headed inside while the horned owl perches itself on my shoulder again, making Sylvie hiss and throw paws at it in warning.
"I see that Avier has personally guided you here. Odd… I have never seen him get so comfortable with a stranger before." Professor Goodsky, who was sitting behind her desk, rested her head on her hands as she looked at me but studied Sylvie in particular.
"Is there something you needed from me, Director?" I take a seat in front of her desk as Avier, the green owl, left my shoulder and perched on the window ledge behind Cynthia.
"Yes. I called you here regarding the little 'demonstration' in Professor Geist's class." Her expression remained unfazed as she mentioned the trouble I must've caused her.
"Ah… There were some situations beforehand regarding that, actually…" Before I could explain, Director Goodsky lifted up her hand to interrupt.
"We've just dismissed Professor Geist from our academy. Princess Kathyln personally stepped forth and explained, telling me what exactly happened. Of course I had to get some people to verify her testimony but everyone agreed that the professor was a danger to students." She nodded, placing a couple of documents in front of me.
Wow, she worked fast. This incident happened less than two hours ago, but she already managed to handle and fire that professor.
As if she knew what I was thinking, she smiled and added, "It helps move things along when you get the final say in all matters regarding this academy. I have to say, though, that I have never seen the princess so worked up as she was today. When she came in, she had a slightly angry expression on her face, which, by her standards, is quite serious. You must understand how surprised I was. Hoho!" Director Goodsky covered her mouth with a hand as she chuckled softly.
"Really now? I didn't think that princess could even show emotions." I grinned as well.
"Yes. You must've made quite an impression on her, because she defended you quite fervently, leaving Professor Geist no room to defend himself." She gave me a wink.
When I shook my head helplessly, Director Goodsky just laughed, responding, "You're quite the ladies' man, Arthur. It's going to be a problem if you steal the hearts of both princesses! Who knows, you might be the cause of our next civil war! Hahaha!"
She seemed quite amused by something that could devastate the thin balance that this continent had. I wanted to just dismiss the thought, but when I imagined the two princesses fighting it out, I shuddered. I didn't have the mental capacity to handle even one of the princesses, let alone both of them.
"You know, it's not really considered young to get married at the age of fourteen or fifteen. I'm sure Tessia will have developed into quite a fine young lady by then." She teased me even further.
"No thank you. I don't see myself becoming romantically involved anytime soon. Besides, they're still just kids. Maybe I'll start thinking about it when the girls my age become a bit more mature." I shrugged.
Leaning forward, the director studied me. "Hoho, the way you say it makes me think that you've already matured, Arthur."
"Well, even you must admit that I happen to be a lot more mature than people my age," I responded, leaning back into the chair.
"True, but women do tend to mature faster than men," Director Goodsky stated matter-of-factly.
"I'm still wondering why I got called in here. I'm sure you didn't just bring me here to tell me that everything was settled and to get married." Sylvie hopped off my head and chased after Avier, who was grooming itself on the window.
"Arthur! I feel like you're becoming to see me as someone who always has an ulterior motive at hand." She gave me an offended look.
"Haha! I do, because we're awfully similar in that way, Director." I gave her a wink, making her smile as well.
"Dear me. If that is the case, then I believe I've made the right decision," she responded.
"What do you mean?"
"Arthur, what do you think about being the professor for your class, Practical Mana Manipulation?" She clasped her hands, studying my expression.
My eyes widened at this. "You're not serious, right?"
"Oh, I'm quite serious, Arthur," she said, her expression unfaltering.
"Is that even allowed? I'm a student not even finished with his first day of school. Can I be a student and a professor at the same time? What about my other classes?" I began shooting out arguments as to why this wouldn't work.
"Please, no need to get so worked up. It's quite simple, actually. Is it allowed? Yes, as long as I say it is. Although this specific situation has never occurred, there are cases of highly qualified upperclassmen that teach basic courses. As for your other classes, your schedule wouldn't really change. You would just be teaching that one class, for that period." She gave me a business-like smile.
I began thinking. Director Goodsky wasn't doing this for her benefit. She would be sure to get a lot of complaints from noble parents protesting why a first year was teaching a class. I, on the other hand, would have a lot more time on my hands, because teaching the course would require a lot less work outside of class.
"I don't understand why you're doing this, Director."
"Well, a spot just opened up and you were the one that defeated the previous professor. Doesn't that give you enough qualifications to enter? Besides, I'm really not doing this for some ulterior motive, Arthur. You don't have to be too suspicious. This is up to you. I won't push you into this, but I believe that it would be a good opportunity to build a sort of standing for yourself without having to go around conquering professors. If you wish to further enjoy teaching after this semester, I can give you more classes to teach! I'm sure there are a very limited number of classes that would be of use to you anyway" she chuckled.
Standing up, Goodsky laid a gentle hand on my shoulder. "The choice is yours."


Chapter 54: It’s a Pleasure

Pondering what the director had said, I just sat there, my eyes blankly staring at something off in the distance. Like she'd mentioned, there was no real benefit for her to hire me as a professor, which is why I found it so suspicious. It was so ingrained in me to be wary of other people's motivations no matter who they were. I guess as a figure of authority and power, you naturally become suspicious of everyone around you, which was why I couldn't fathom why she'd asked me to do this.
Practical Mana Manipulation was a class that didn't have any extra work to grade, which would make it even easier for me to just teach the class. Even if it wasn't easier, it would help build a good position for myself and would be a lot more interesting. Seeing as how I probably couldn't escape attention from the students anyway, I might as well do things a bit differently. Of course, I didn't plan on revealing my full set of skills to anyone just yet, but I didn't see the point in trying to be completely inconspicuous anymore, especially after today.
"…Arthur?" I snapped out of my thoughts to see that Director Goodsky was looking at me with a rather worried expression.
"Ah, yes. Although I'm not sure how competent I'd be in that kind of role, I'd like to try my hand at being a professor." I looked over the document stating my duties and responsibilities as a teacher.
"I'm sure you'll do an excellent job," she smiled.
Looking at her, I asked, "Were there any other classes that Professor Geist taught besides mine?"
"Fortunately, no. We hired him this year after he retired from being an adventurer. For this semester, the other professors and I decided to only have him teach one class, as a sort of test run." She shook her head at the pitiful results he'd produced.
"Before I sign, I have one last question," I stated as I read over the final paragraph of the document.
"Go on," she urged.
"Wouldn't it be counterintuitive that I'm not allowed to hurt students while being part of the disciplinary committee?" I quizzed.
"Ah, good question. The 'not hurting students' rule is for inside the classroom. While the situation is always investigated for every case, as long as it is for the safety of other students, such as using a certain degree of force to quell a fight or suppress a rampant student. As for outside of class, during your disciplinary committee duties, I'll trust your judgment on that."
With that, I nodded and signed the document. "I expect great things from you, Arthur, and I'm sure I'm not the only one." She gave me a gentle pat on the shoulder before ushering me to go eat lunch.
CYNTHIA GOODSKY'S POV:
"Whew, what is it about that boy that always keeps me on my toes? Negotiating with him is more heart-straining than dealing with the royal families. What is your take on him, Avier?" My bond gently landed on the arm I held out, his intelligent eyes pondering what to say.
"He is… different. Do not view Arthur Leywin as a child. Whether it is mental acuity or emotional maturity, there is much more to him than the eye can see." The clear words that came out of my bond didn't seem natural from the movement of his beak.
"What makes you so certain?" I leaned back in my seat.
"His bond. That white fox's true form should be that of a dragon…"
I bolted up from my seat. "What?! How is that possible? How do you know?"
"It is because we are of the same kind. I may be of a lesser species of dragons but Wyverns are still the dragons' descendents." Avier went back to grooming himself.
"Are you saying that bond of his is more powerful than you?" I couldn't help but be utterly baffled by all of this.
"No, that child has yet to mature. She shouldn't have hatched more than a few of years ago. However, I suspect that when she does develop, my strength will not be even comparable to hers," he stated matter-of-factly.
I couldn't imagine anyone stronger than Avier. The fact that he was my bond was only because he grew a liking to me when I happened by him, deep in the Beast Glades. He usually did his own thing and I didn't dare treat him like pet, but the fact that Arthur's bond was actually a dragon and that it seemed so subservient to him made me wonder what that boy really was.
"Do not make him your enemy, Cynthia. If treated with trust and respect, he will become the greatest ally, but if betrayed, he may be the cause of this continent's demise." With that warning, Avier flew off.
I leaned forward in my seat, rubbing my throbbing temples as I recalled what happened a couple hours back.
___________________________________________
"Director Goodsky, I request that you remove the boy named Arthur Leywin from my class!" One of my professors slammed the door open as he stormed inside.
"Professor Geist, you look shaken up. What's wrong?" I was taken by surprise by the sudden intrusion.
"The boy has no respect for me, his professor! Please do not listen to any of the rumors that you may hear. I'm being framed!" The man's wide face was filled with desperation and anger.
Two brisk knocks sounded from the door.
"Please come in," I stated. At least this person had the decency to knock.
"I apologize for the intrusion, Director." The petite Kathyln gave me a small bow before walking up next to the now pale-faced professor.
"What's the matter, Kathyln?" I leaned forward, taking a look at the both of them.
"This sorry excuse for a professor needs to be fired," she said expressionlessly.
Professor Geist grabbed Kathyln by the arm, pulling her close to him. "How dare you! 'Sorry excuse'? Me?"
"You dare touch me with your filthy hand?" Her expression didn't change, and she somehow seemed to be looking down at Professor Geist.
"Professor, I suggest you immediately remove your hand or else, whatever the case may be, it will not be in your favor." I stood up at this point. Using force to get your point across was deplorable.
He immediately let go of Kathyln's arm before talking. "Ahem… as I was saying. Please do not take to heart the rumors that you may hear. I swear that this was all a misunderstanding and that I'm being framed."
"I have not yet heard of any rumors. Do you mind indulging me, Kathyln?"
"This scum dares to pick on students to feel good about himself. Even ignoring the fact that he utterly humiliated Feyrith, if Arthur didn't step in, I would've…" Without finishing her last sentence, she glared at the professor.
I turned to Professor Geist, who was desperately denying this accusation. "I'm telling you that it was a misunderstanding. I simply wanted to demonstrate in front of the class the level the disciplinary committee is at; you know, for the other students to know."
"If that was simply what this was, then there would be no reason for you to come into my room and insist that Arthur be removed from your class." I couldn't help but sigh internally at the thought of handling this dilemma.
I turned to my secretary, who had peeked in to see what the fuss was about. "Tricia, please gather information for me from Professor Geist's class regarding this incident."
My brunette-haired assistant bowed before running off.
"Now, please be patient as this is sorted out. I will do my best to be just about this." Before I was able to dismiss the two of them, Princess Kathyln walked up to me.
"I trust that you will handle this fairly, but just know that, if it wasn't for Arthur, you wouldn't be handling this professor's ethic case but a student's injury case. MY injury case. I bid you good day, Director." She turned around, completely ignoring Professor Geist, who was taken aback by her last statement.
_____________________________________________
Recalling the testimonies I received, it seemed like Arthur completely overwhelmed Professor Geist. While this professor's personality never did sit well with me, his skills were more than enough to teach a basic mana manipulation class. Even while being a light yellow core augmenter, and a quite capable one at that, he had been completely defeated by a twelve-year-old.
I let out a sigh in regret that I didn't measure the level of the boy's core while he was just here.
A twelve-year-old defeating a veteran adventurer using only his wind and earth attribute mana, which I remembered him mentioning were his weakest, and who also had a bond with a dragon. What more was there to him? If I asked, would he tell me?
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
"Art! Over here!" I saw Elijah waving at me across the dining hall.
I noticed he was sitting with a girl when I came over.
"This is Charlotte! Charlotte, this is my best friend and roommate, Arthur Leywin." He stood up, gesturing the both of us to shake hands.
"Hi Arthur, I've heard a lot about you." She gave a coquettish smile while twiddling her hair.
"Mmm… It's a pleasure," I responded brusquely before focusing my attention on Elijah.
"How were your classes?" I asked my friend while I fed Sylvie a piece of broccoli.
"Kyu!" 'Noo!'
"Aww~ your little mana beast is so cute! Do you mind if I pet it?" Charlotte got awfully close to me, almost leaning on me while she reached for the top of my head.
But before she got the chance to pet the growling Sylvie, I grabbed her wrist.
"Sorry, she doesn't like strangers touching her." I looked her dead in the eye, making her blush by how close her face was to mine.
"O-Oh, I'm sorry!" She shrank back, focusing back on the food.
Seemingly ignorant of what was happening, Elijah responded, his mouth full of food. "Classes were great! I especially like my basic chain-casting class and mana utilization class. Although for mana utilization, I feel like the professor that's teaching is going over the exact same thing that you told me to do. By the way, I met Charlotte in my chain-casting class! She's really good!"
"Haha, please, you're making me blush." Charlotte put on a bashful face as she squirmed in her seat.
"…"
"Anyways, how were your classes?! I heard you already beat up a professor! What happened to keeping it cool, man?" He gave me a smirk while he pointed his fork at me accusingly.
"Yeah, about that, so I ended up becoming a professor for that class," I responded coolly, shoving a piece of meat in my mouth while avoiding Sylvie's attempts at trying to steal it.
Elijah spluttered the food he was chewing towards us as I instinctively leaned back, trying to get out of range.
The girl named Charlotte screamed as received the brunt of my friend's attack.
"Elijah, that's gross." I wiped some of the stray food particles that I couldn't manage to avoid from my face.
"Sorry, sorry…what? You're going to be a professor?" He wiped his mouth before trying to wipe Charlotte's face, but Charlotte rejected the offer.
"Mm… I ended up replacing the professor that was teaching the class. So you may now call me Professor Leywin." I smirked at my friend.
"Professor, my ass. But maybe I should ditch my class sometime and go to yours. It'd be interesting to see you teach," he retorted.
As we continued talking, I grew annoyed at the flirting attempts from Charlotte, and even more annoyed at the fact that Elijah was clueless about it all.
"Oh yeah! Charlotte and I were going to go to Downtown Academy to do some shopping. Do you want to join us?" he asked nonchalantly.
"Yes! Arthur, you should join us." She leaned in closer again. There was a small strip on the corner of the academy where fancy restaurants and cafes, along with shopping booths were located for the rich nobles to spoil themselves. With that, you could imagine how enormous the academy was.
"I have three more classes, remember? I'm taking the upper division classes after lunch."
Elijah just shrugged at this. "Oh yeah, I forgot. No big deal! I guess it'll just be me and Charlotte."
Charlotte smiled awkwardly at Elijah's happy-go-lucky face and responded, "Ah, sorry. I totally forgot that I had other plans today. I'm so sorry! We should definitely go next time, though! All three of us! Bye."
With that, she walked off, leaving my friend and I alone at the small dining table.
"I guess she was really busy." Elijah looked a bit disappointed.
Oh, Elijah…
Leaning close, he asked me in a serious voice. "So, what did you think about Charlotte? She's pretty, huh?! Do you think I have a shot with her?"
Oh, Elijah…
"I think you can do better, buddy." I patted my clueless friend on the back as we walked out of the dining hall together.
Elijah decided that he wanted to go to the library after his plans suddenly washed away, so after walking him there, I made my way to my first upper division class, Team-Fighting Mechanics I.
The classroom, or should say field, to be more accurate, was on the other side of the academy, where all of the upper division classes were held.
The "room" consisted of a huge grass field with several obstacles placed randomly, encased by high walls with runes engraved in them. On top of one of the walls was a separate little room protected by a glass encasing. I assumed that the room was used as a viewing platform for the rest of the students.
I saw some students had arrived before me, talking to each other, and I immediately noticed some familiar figures.
"Ah! I didn't know you'd be in an upper division class, Arthur." Curtis Glayder waved at me as soon as he realized who I was. Grawder, Curtis' bond, was lying with his eyes closed right next to him.
"Yeah, I didn't think I'd have a class with you. Please take care of me." I grasped his hand.
"Good to see you again, Arthur!" Claire Bladeheart put her arm around my neck while smiling brightly. "We have to do our best not to embarrass the disciplinary committee, right?"
"Haha, I'll do my best. Is this everyone that's going to be in the class?" I replied, turning back to Curtis. I heard that this class had a fairly small number of students, and that it was one of the most popular classes.
"Hmmm, there should be a few… ah, there they come!" Looking back, I saw several more students and I couldn't help but smile wearily.
"Princess Tessia is as beautiful as always, isn't she?" I heard one of the students murmur.
Walking this way amongst the small group of students was Tessia Eralith, my childhood friend, and Clive Graves, the student vice president.
She noticed me and I could tell she was about to greet me but she noticed that I had an older woman's arm around my neck, so instead, she shot me a glare before snapping her head away, pouting.
Clive, oblivious of why she got angry, straight up gave me the death glare as his narrow eyes became even sharper.
"Good afternoon, Princess Tessia!" Not bothering to remove the arm around my neck, Claire smiled and waves at Tess.
"Pleasure," she responded, her expression fierce.
After she walked past us, she secretly snuck in a pinch to my side, jolting me up.
"Hmm, I wonder if she's in a bad mood today," Claire pondered.
It's because of you!
As Claire removed her arm from my neck, I turned to see someone behind us in the back of the group. As soon as I recognized who it was, my face started burning in anger while my clenched fists turned white. It was Lucas Wykes.


Chapter 55: MatChapter Start

My body couldn't help but tremble in suppressed anger at the thought of being in the same class as that brat Lucas, and of all classes, a team-fighting class. The sick irony of having that traitor in a class focused on learning team cohesion in battles almost made me want to laugh.
Our eyes met but he looked at me apathetically, like I was an insect on the ground.
"Good! Everyone's here!" a loud voice suddenly booms over the field. As all of the students started turning their heads to locate where the voice had come from, I looked straight up to see a massive hawk-like mana beast hovering over the field.
This beast was at least 4 meters long and its wingspan was well over 8 meters. With its sharp talons tucked underneath it, the beast slowly made its descent, revealing a well-toned woman with a giant sword strapped to her back, standing up on the back of the hawk.
"Welcome! My name is Professor Glory, and I will be the one teaching all of you brats! This Flare Hawk is Torch, my precious bond."
The first thing I did was measure the stage our professor's mana core was at, but upon trying to inspect her level, I felt a sudden sharp pain in my head as Professor Glory whipped her gaze at me. Giving me a confident smile, she gazed down in my direction. Hopping off of her Flare Hawk, she made her way around the group of students in her class. Studying each of the students she passed, she took a closer look at some of them before making her way towards me.
It wasn't unusual for mages to build defenses around their core stages, especially the higher level ones. It was also a lot more difficult to hide which element they used, since the mana particles of their element naturally surrounded them. Most don't find the need to hide their elemental attribute so it wasn't a big deal even if they couldn't, but needless to say, it was surprising to see how strong Professor Glory's defenses were.
I couldn't tell what her core stage was or even her elemental attribute. While I got the hang of masking my core stage level, I needed to use seals in order to completely hide my elemental attributes. I wasn't sure whether she used seals like I did but one thing was for sure: she knew I was the one inspecting her.
"I have to say, you guys have set the bar pretty high for all of the other classes," she announced after inspecting Lucas. She took quite a bit longer to inspect the disciplinary committee and the student council members, nodding every once in awhile.
"Well if it isn't my newest colleague, Arthur Leywin. It's a pleasure to meet you," Professor Glory gave me a playful grin, as if she was itching to tease me.
The students started murmuring amongst the group in confusion.
One of the male upperclassmen raised his hand. "Professor Glory, what do you mean by colleague?"
"Ah! Most of you probably saw him at the commencement this morning but this boy is a freshman disciplinary committee officer. A real prodigy if I do say so myself. He's also a newly appointed professor for the Practical Mana Manipulation class that you guys all took during your underclassman years." She gave me a firm pat on the back.
"WHAT?!!"
"You can't be serious, Professor!"
"If that brat is a professor then I'm the king of this continent!"
"What has this academy turned into, to accept a freshman as a professor?"
"How is that even possible? Even the best upperclassmen these days don't get picked to be professors, but that first year did?"
The various noises of protests made me sigh. They were bound to find out eventually but it would've taken the upperclassmen a bit longer to find out this news, considering they didn't really get much information about the lower division classes.
"GRRRR~" Sylvie's fur stood on-end as she growled warningly at the group of students. 'Papa is stronger than all of you combined!'
Everyone had seen Sylvie by now, whether it was from passing through the academy or at the commencement ceremony earlier today so no one really cared much about the tiny mana beast on my head that could turn big enough to swallow them whole.
"Now, now! Before we jump straight into complaints, we should have more faith in the director's decision. He has qualified to some degree by beating the professor that taught the class previously!" She shot me a wink.
"But Professor Glory! The underclassmen professors aren't all that great anyway! I bet some of the upperclassmen students here could beat most of them!" Another round of complaints issued on, making me grow sleepy. Must've been the food coma setting in from lunch.
"Haha! To be honest, I'm itching to test how strong you really are, boy! Unfortunately, Director Goodsky made it clear for us to not do that. So! These students here will test you in my place!" She put her hands on her hip, grinning in anticipation.
By now, I noticed a sudden raging fire burning in some of the male students' eyes as they looked at me. I could almost see the words they were thinking etched into their face.
'I'm going to kill this bastard.'
'Who does this brat think he is?'
'Murder, murder, murder, murder...'
'I'm jealous. Why is he good looking too? He needs to die.'
The female students, on the other hand have a look in their eyes that scared me even more. Their stares remind me of hyenas looking at fresh meat as they almost drooled over the 'goods' that I suddenly became to them.
Taking a glance at Tess, I notice that she has a surprised look on her face, her lips curling slightly in pride, but when she noticed that I was looking at her and quickly glanced away, her ears a little red.
Sigh, you know… it's not weird for you to talk to me.
Clive, on the other hand, scowled in contempt while Lucas looked at me with his brow raised in renewed interest, as if I had gotten promoted from an insect to a mammal.
"Director Goodsky told me to take it easy on my upper division classes until I adjusted to school. This is my first day, after all," I tried to ease my way out of this. Fighting against these hormonal teenagers wasn't going to end well.
"Oh, come on! That's no fun now, is it? In order to get proper respect, a certain amount of skill needs to be shown, you know? It's just to prove to us that you are actually capable of being in this upper division class. Isn't that right, class?" she shouted.
"Yeah!"
Was this a military boot camp or something? Why was there always a reason to prove myself in whatever situation came up?
"Sigh… What did you have in mind, Professor Glory?" I said in defeat. This wasn't going to end and I didn't want to waste my breath in arguing with people who didn't want to hear logic.
"Fear not! I am a just and fair woman!" she harrumphed.
Just and fair, my ass.
I felt as if she had just read my mind because she wrapped her well-built arm around my neck and squeezed. Unlike the Twin Horns' Angela's chest, hers was muscular and hard, not much different from a man's.
"We will start off this semester by playing a little game! Aren't I so nice?" By the look on her face, she was the most excited about this. Continuing on, she said, "So! What kind of game should we play… a mock team battle? War?"
"How about having the three disciplinary committee officers on the same team, Professor? I feel like that could be a good way to let us work on teamwork as well," Curtis raised his hand as Claire nodded in agreement next to him.
"Hmmm, not a bad idea!" she responded while rubbing her chin.
"But Professor, both Curtis and Claire are top students in this academy! It wouldn't be fair to have both of them on the same team as him," a tall, black-haired teen argued.
"That's true…. Aha! I got it! For the DC team, we will have Arthur play the role of king, the match resulting in an immediate loss if he gets put out of battle. I think that should be fair. Now, what about the other team?" As if she was talking to herself, she started muttering off possible candidates when a hand raised.
"Professor. How about having the student council president and I as their opponent?" Clive suggested.
"What?" Tess turns her head to Clive in surprise. But before she had the chance to object, Professor Glory clasped her hands.
"OHH! Now things are getting interesting! But it would be unfair to have only the two of you against the three of them." She looked around the group of students.
"I think the president and I will suffice if the immediate loss rule affecting Arthur Leywin is implemented," he said seriously.
"I'll volunteer to be on the Student Council Team," Lucas Wykes said calmly while leaning on his staff.
"Hmmm, Mr. Wykes, our other genius freshman… Very well! It would be a good chance to see your abilities in action as well!" I could tell she had a twinge of doubt. Maybe she'd heard some rumors about him.
Some of the other students groaned in disappointment that they didn't get the chance to beat me up and be on the same team as the student council president but everyone was clearly excited to see the match.
"The match will have a time limit of 30 minutes, where we will have a short discussion and a breakdown of it afterwards. Please gear up!" With that, a pile of what looked like exercise gear dropped to the ground out of Professor Glory's dimension ring.
Turning serious, she began explaining. "This is special equipment designed by artificers to measure the amount of damage that is dealt. This equipment will activate, releasing a shrill noise, if the damage it takes passes the threshold that's encrypted into it. If anyone chooses to ignore this warning and continues to fight or cast spells, it will lead to immediate expulsion from my class and other possible consequences regarding your stay here as a student. This rule goes for any upper division fighting class in this academy, so engrave it into your guys' brains. All of you are at the level where protecting yourselves with mana shouldn't be a problem. Let me reiterate this but, this equipment won't protect you so don't rely on it as a source of protection," She announced to everyone else in the class as well. Clearing her throat, Professor Glory shouted. "Do I make myself clear?!"
"YES!""
"Good! Now, the six of you gear up." She got back on her bond while the rest of the students headed towards the viewing platform.
Curtis came up to me and patted my back before picking up his gear. "Well, it seems like we're going to have an early practice session! Let's do our best, Arthur. I still remember you wanting a sword back then. Let's see how good you are!"
"We can't embarrass the DC name now, can we? I'll make practice extra hard for anyone who doesn't meet standards!" Claire grinned evilly while grabbing her gear.
Clive and Lucas walked past me, ignoring me as I went after them to pick up my gear. The gear consisted of a tight jacket and a series of straps that I wrapped around my legs and arms.
I was having trouble putting on the arm wraps when Tess silently came up and helped me bind the straps around my right arm.
"Is it okay for Princess Tessia to be helping me like this?" I smirked while letting her help me.
Shooting me a glare, she tightened the straps, jerking my arm towards her. "Can it, Mr. Genius. They're over there anyways. Sigh…I can't stand acting like I don't know you." Her gaze softened.
"You know, they're going to find out eventually. Why try so hard hiding it?" I shrugged.
"You mean… you don't care? Grandma Cynthia mentioned to me about you wanting to keep a low profile so I thought…" Her face lost composure as she started stuttering.
"Pff… Well I haven't been doing a very good job of that, now have I?" I couldn't help but snicker, confusing Tess even more.
"It's okay. There are just a few things I mainly wanted to hide. As long as those remain a secret, the rest doesn't really matter. For one, do you notice anything?" I stuck out my chest to let her analyze me.
"I don't get what… Ah! I can't sense your—mfff!"
She was getting too loud so I had to cover her mouth. Leaning closer to her face, I whispered, "Yup, that, and Sylvie's true identity as well. I'm keeping most of my abilities a secret for now so you have to do your part as well. Maybe keeping the fact that I visited your kingdom a secret might be a good idea but you don't have to ignore me, Tess." I let go of her mouth and patted her head, making her flush and push me away from her.
"Y-You're too c-close," Tess muttered under her breath as she's tilted her head down.
"Are you guys done flirting over there?" Professor Glory's voice from above surprised the both of us as I quickly finish adjusting the straps.
"Ah! Arthur. I suggest you leave your bond in a safer place if she's not capable of assisting you during the battle like Curtis' bond." She pointed towards the viewing platform.
"Kyu!" Sylvie cried in protest.
"I think it'll be better for you to sit this one out, Sylv," I said while patting her small head.
'Aww… Okay.' She jumped off my head before scurrying off out of the field.
Tess just finished putting on her gear as I went up to her. "Let's both do our best. I want to see how much you improved."
Giving me a confident smile, she said back, "You better watch out then," before running off to the other side of the field where Clive and Lucas were.
I headed towards Curtis and Claire. Claire was stretching while Curtis mounted on top of his World Lion, Grawder.
"Even with Grawder, we're still at a disadvantage because they have two conjurers and Clive is a long range augmenter. The fact that it's an instant loss for us if your gear activates gives us a seriously limited set of options." Claire leaned on her unsheathed sword while stretching her leg back.
"You're right. Claire and I don't really know anything about your fighting style so we'll match your pace. We'll take priority in protecting you while we get in range to do some damage." Curtis responded while petting Grawder.
I looked for Tess, Clive and Lucas and spotted them a few dozen meters away. Seemed like we were going to be target practice for them until we got in range. This would be fun.
I couldn't help but grin as my blood boiled. It would feel good giving Lucas a few good blows during the match, although I could only imagine that both Lucas and Clive were thinking the same thing.
I took out Dawn's Ballad, making sure to not take out its sheath, as both Curtis and Claire readied their weapons as well.
"That's a beautiful sword you have there, Arthur," Claire whistled as she stared at my blade. Then she released a fierce battle aura as she infused both wind and fire attribute mana into her body.
I had to admit that Curtis also looked pretty damn impressive wielding his dual double-edged swords while mounting his bond.
I turned forward as well, imbuing wind and earth mana into my body and sword. My hair and clothes fluttered as the ground beneath me pulsed to my command.
Professor Glory's powerful voice echoed through the battlefield, signaling us to begin.
"LET THE MATCH COMMENCE!"


Chapter 56: This Is Going To Hurt

On Professor Glory's signal, the three of us dashed forward. Curtis, who was mounted on top of Grawder, was to my left and Claire was to my right, both a bit ahead of me.
Tess, Clive and Lucas all split up as soon as we charged. Tess circled around the left side as she prepared to take on Curtis, while Clive dashed around the right side to confront Claire before she reached him.
Straight ahead, I saw Lucas calmly waiting for me, his face twisted into a haughty sneer that seemed to say 'I don't need to get ready for you.' Whether it was at the Dire Tombs or even now, Lucas' arrogance had no limit. I still remembered when he betrayed us by using us as live bait so he could escape. Even then, he had the same sneer he had now.
Tess was probably going to beat Curtis and I wasn't sure who was stronger between Claire and Clive but I'd worry about that later. Wind and earth bent to my will as I infused more mana, activating mana rotation as well. Lucas wasn't weak. His mana pool was bigger than mine, but that didn't mean he was stronger than me.
"Will you be alright by yourself against Lucas?" I heard Curtis shout as he dashed towards Tess.
Claire looked back at me in slight worry as well until I gave them a silent nod. She nodded back and focused on the student vice president.
Lucas sensed a bit of the killing intent I purposely let out to shock him out of his pedestal as he began quietly chanting a spell while dashing backwards to get more distance between us.
Soaring up ahead, I felt Professor Glory's keen eyes studying me as I closed the gap between us. I took a deep breath and blocked out everything else. As far as I was concerned, this was a fight between Lucas and me. Narrowing my eyes in utmost concentration, each powerful step I took created small craters in the ground as the wind whistled around me.
Lucas let out a chortle before he released his spell. "Inferno's Cage!"
The spell reminded me of the Ember Wisp spell that both Lucas and Ex-Professor Geist had used, but it was a lot bigger. The orbs scattered and floated in place around the both of us, creating a dome made of fire.
Don't tell me…
With a confident smirk, he snapped his finger and uttered, "Activate."
The orbs glowed in response before spewing out bullets of fire. If it was a spell on the level of Ember Wisp, I would be able to close the gap while dodging the fireballs, but this was insane. Dozens of fire blasts were locked in on my position and fired at a constant rate, coming from all directions. If I hadn't train my body and fighting techniques during my time as an adventurer, I doubted that, no matter how fast I was, I would be able to dodge everything. Without even giving me a chance to take a step closer to my target, I was forced to dodge and block every incoming missile constantly bombarding me.
Inferno's Cage…whoever came up with this spell deserved a sword up the ass to feel what a pain it was to deal with. On top of the constant fireballs and streams of flames that locked in on me, the heat inside this dome was wearing me down. Without my fire attribute mana or water attribute mana, there was no direct way to counter the heat inside. Using fire attribute mana to make my body more immune to fire or even using water attribute mana to directly cool my body were both out of the question.
"Keep running around, monkey. Do you think it's even possible for the peasants of the mages to actually have a chance against someone like me? I can't wait to step on you to crush whatever speck of confidence you had just because you became a DC member and a professor. I thought this class would be a waste of time but now I know why I was brought here. It was to crush you." His little pretty boy face was wrenched in an ugly expression as he sneered.
'Are you okay, Papa?' Sylvie's concerned voice echoed into my head after feeling how frustrated I was at the moment.
Yeah, I'm fine Sylv. Don't worry about me. How's everyone else doing? I send back.
'Mama is winning against Curtis and Claire is winning against that serious-looking guy,' she responded.
Okay, just tell me if something unusual happens. I turned my focus back to the fight. Dodging the flame bullets and the occasional streams of fire was easy but I couldn't get closer to Lucas. I would release a wind blade and some spikes of earth at Lucas but either the orbs that made up the dome destroyed it or Lucas just blocked the spell with one of his.
What is with this kid's mana pool? Does he not have a limit to how long he can keep this spell up? No, calm down, Arthur. You don't want to be impatient. Think. How can I use wind? Wind? What is wind? It's the movement of air, right? What is air? Oxygen? Nitrogen? So am I able to control oxygen and nitrogen as well? If so, how?
I was growing frustrated at my lack of comprehension in my wind and earth elements. Now was as good a time as any to try and comprehend. It wasn't just enough to shoot wind bullets or wind blades because Lucas had already prepared several levels of fire shields around himself.
I wasn't thinking outside of the box when I used wind. Even with mana rotation, I didn't have the necessary mana to form a tornado big enough to swallow the fire shooting at me, and even if I did, I didn't think I'd be able to last longer than Lucas. What was I missing?
"Keep squirming! I'm sure I can get away with it if a couple of fireballs land on you, even after your gear activates. You know, since I can't cancel the blasts from the orbs once they've been released," He shrugged nonchalantly as the shields around him block any spells I fired at him.
Think, Arthur. Let's focus on fire. What does fire need for it keep burning? It needs oxygen. Could I get rid of the oxygen around me so that the fire couldn't reach me? Then what would happen to me? Would I be able to breathe?
PROFESSOR GLORY'S POV:
Hmmm… Lucas… he's better than I've heard.
Inferno's Cage was a pretty tough spell to master, yet he was able to cast it while running backwards. Seriously, he was barely thirteen and he could already use a domain type spell. Haa… the world sure was coming to a change, with a half-elf like him using fire attribute magic, and even Princess Tess—they were all monsters. I got shivers down my back imagining how strong they'd become by the time they graduated from here.
But that brat, Arthur… What the hell was he? Lucas Wykes, since he awakened a few years back thanks to his elf lineage, I could sort of understand the level of control he had with his spells. Tessia Eralith, her being of pure elven lineage from the royal family guaranteed that her skills were a few levels above anyone anywhere near her age. But Arthur?
As soon as he flashed through the field to confront Lucas, I felt cold sweat. The way both the wind and earth naturally gravitated and danced around him—he wasn't controlling the elements to his commands like typical mages did. No, he was in perfect harmony with the mana surrounding him, as if the elements were mere extensions of his limbs.
Seemed like that brat Lucas was taking Arthur seriously. Good thing too, or he probably would've lost instantly. Currently, the spell Inferno's Cage encompassed both Arthur and Lucas in a large dome of fire. I could tell Lucas was a bit worn out after using it, but this was a continuous spell that he could leave activated until he ran out of mana, which I didn't feel would happen anytime soon. The dome made up of tiny orbs of fire was like a death trap used by conjurers to gain the advantage against augmenters or agile mana beasts.
The tiny orbs could shoot out beams and bullets of fire anywhere inside the dome, leaving the augmenter occupied enough so that the conjurer could cast more spells, uninterrupted.
I focused my gaze over to Curtis Glayder and Tessia Eralith. As expected, Curtis was having a hard time. I had the chance to observe the elf princess practicing with our director once, and I had to say, the way she battled was exquisite. She was a conjurer but her staff was actually a sharp blade made of a special wood that was lighter but harder than most metals. Casting buffs on herself and using spells in sync with her movement, she danced around the vines she conjured with a speed faster than even some trained augmenters from the wind aiding each motion and action.
She fought in a mixed style of both conjuring spells and using close combat so she had no notable weakness. Compared to my masculine way of fighting, I could only admire how graceful and beautiful her style was.
Claire Bladeheart, on the other hand, was gaining the advantage on our student vice president. Clive was a rare long range augmenter that wielded a short bow capable of firing arrows at an almost unbelievably fast pace. Usually, he would be at an advantage against most augmenters but Claire was a bad match-up for him. Miss Bladeheart's style mimicked that stick, Kaspian. With her dual elements, she created spears of wind and fire from her rapier. She had yet to reach his level but with constant training, I was confident she could surpass her uncle.
I turned my attention back to the most intense battle, which was definitely Arthur and Lucas'. I noticed that most of the students were watching their fight as well, in awe from both of their abilities.
"Hmm?" I couldn't help but raise an eyebrow at what was happening. That was strange. Arthur was getting hit by the fireballs now. At this rate, even with protection from mana, his gear was going to activate.
He had dodged them so effortlessly just a minute ago too. I focused more mana into my eyes to get a better look. The dome of fire surrounding them blocked a lot of the view but I could still sort of make out the fight. It seemed like Arthur was trying to do something. Was he holding his breath? What was he trying to do in this situation?
"Torch! Fly down a bit lower!" My bond descended as he angled his massive wings to keep himself level.
As we slowly circled around the huge fire dome that surrounded a third of the field, I began noticing some changes. Around him, for every three or four fire blast that scraped or hit him, one would completely extinguish before it reached him.
"No…" A smile crept up on my face as I continued observing him. "Don't tell me he's actually trying to learn how to manipulate air in this situation right now…" I covered my mouth as I continued to smile in wonder. "That little monster… he has guts, I'll give him that."
Air manipulation was a variation of wind magic, albeit a much harder one. Breaking down the components of any element and trying to directly manipulate it is something only the most keen and sensitive mages can do, and that's while meditating in a perfectly calm and peaceful environment. After years of practice through meditation, the mage might begin experimenting in real life situations like incorporating it into spells.
The blue fire technique was a perfect example of that. It took years of meditation to reach the stage of stably summoning blue flames and even longer to do it fast enough for it be of use in actual battles.
This little beast was skipping a few steps and trying to incorporate a completely new technique in the middle of a battle? My hands trembled in excitement at the thought of being able to witness the development of a mage that can perhaps become the pinnacle of power in this school—no, maybe even this continent!
"GROOOOAAAAAARR!" Turning my attention at the sound, it seemed like Princess Tessia and Prince Glayder's battle was reaching its climax.
Curtis Glayder's uniform was full of small gashes and nicks. I must admit that Curtis had done fairly well against the only disciple of our Director Goodsky, although it was most likely because of his bond that he was able to last this long.
"You've forced me to do this, Princess Eralith! Please be careful! PHASE ONE! KING'S WRATH!" I heard Prince Glayder roar as his body glowed.
Oh! He activated the acquire phase of his beast's will. Curtis rarely chose to use his beast's ability because he didn't really consider it his own power. I had to hand it to him for having the right mentality. It was said that some beast tamers chose to only use their unique powers instead of honing their own. Because of that, while still strong, they never really improve themselves in the long run. In order to utilize the most of the beast will, the user himself needed to strengthen his own power.
As he activated his beast will's first phase, a noticeable transformation occurred in him. While the amount of visible change differed by the person, Prince Glayder's change was visibly apparent. Both his deep red spiky hair and eyebrows became longer and messier while the straps that wrapped around his arms tightened from his muscles expanding. His extended canines became visible as he roared.
I whistled.This sight never failed to impress me.
When I shifted my gaze to Princess Tessia, though, who was standing on top of a series of vines, her face looked unnaturally pale. That's odd, it didn't look like she took any damage.
I was quite a bit away from Tessia and Curtis' battle since I was encircling Lucas and Arthur's, but with mana-infused eyes, I could make out even the beads of sweat rolling down the princess' face.
"This is my most powerful attack. If you can take this on, I'll admit my defeat! Please prepare yourself!" Prince Glayder's voice became a lot louder and huskier after activating his beast's will. He was a ferocious sight to behold on top of his bond, Grawder.
"WORLD HOWL!" A serious amount of mana gathered in front of the mouth of Prince Glayder as he invoked his breath attack. The world lion had a powerful move that they used as a last resort against enemies more powerful than them. It was a beam of condensed earth attribute mana that could shred anything in its way if not blocked properly.
A little worried, I looked at Tessia again, and I could see her mumble an incantation when the worst case scenario happened.
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
Goddamn it! This is frustrating as hell! I could only grimace and try harder as I continued to try and manipulate the air molecules surrounding me. I had little success so far but I felt like I was onto something here. Lucas, noticing this, clicked his tongue and started chanting spells again.
"Flame Guardians!" he shouted.
I let out a small grin as I realized he was reaching his limit. Then again, so was I—or more accurately, so was my combat equipment. I wasn't sure when this thing would start screaming its alarm so I had to finish this fast.
As the flame soldiers gained on me, Sylvie's worried voice boomed in my head, 'PAPA! Something's wrong with Mama! She's going to get hit by a powerful attack and she's not doing anything! This is really bad! Should I go help, Papa?'
Dammit!
'NO! You can't do anything while you're in that form!' I shouted back in my head.
I could sense the feeling of desperation from Sylvie, making me all the more anxious.
"NOOO!!"
I took a quick glance up to where I heard Professor Glory's scream and noticed she'd gone full speed to where Tess and Curtis was.
'Papa! She's not going to make it in time!' Sylvie echoed back, sounding even more worried than before.
Dammit!
[Dragon's Will, Phase One. Static Void.]
My knees almost gave upon activation of the first phase of Sylvia's beast will as the color of everything became inverted. This ability to shift myself outside of the world's time and space came with a limit. I couldn't affect anything outside of myself unless I chose to bring it in here with me.
"I don't have time," I said to myself.
As I dashed through the gap between the orbs that made up the dome created by Inferno's Cage, I passed by the frozen professor on top of her mount, Torch.
Quite a bit ahead I saw Tess, already fainted and falling from the conjured vine she was standing on, clutching her abdomen as a massive breath attack released by Glayder was almost upon her.
Sylvie was right. If I had left it to Professor Glory, she wouldn't have made it in time. I could only purse my lips in dread as I imagined my precious friend dying.
I sped up, my vision growing blurry as I ran out of energy. I was almost at my limit.
Fuck. Hold on, Arthur. You can do this.
I made my final dash towards the area where Curtis and Tess were fighting and as I jumped off a crumbled vine, I wrapped my body around Tess and create a barrier around the both of us with the little mana I had left.
Haa…. This is going to hurt.
I released my first phase and as the world reverted back into its original color, I felt a tremendous searing pain on my back. But before I could even scream, my vision faded, and the last thing I heard before passing out was the shrill sound of my gear activating.


Chapter 57: Family Gathering

PROFESSOR GLORY'S POV:
I'm too late! Damn it! What happened to her? Why did she suddenly collapse? Is something wrong with her mana core? Why now?
I could only watch in horror as Prince Curtis' breath attack made its way towards Princess Tessia. With absolute no defenses around her, would she live? If so, would she even be able to continue being a mage? Forget mage—she might have to live crippled for the rest of her life!
I could feel tears well up in my eyes as I desperately made my way towards them, but I knew I wasn't going to make it. What would the consequences be? I would be happy if it just ended with me getting fired. I was more concerned that this would start a civil war. During this important time in the continent, was I going to be the cause of the split between the three races?
As Curtis' World Howl engulfed the princess, I screamed in dread. A look of shock crossed Prince Glayder's face as he realized after releasing his attack that Tessia was already unconscious. There was no way, though. There was no way to stop the attack.
After what seemed like hours, the beam slowly dissipated, and what I saw shocked me even more than the worst possible scenario I imagined.
In utter incredulity, I just stammered. "A-A-Arthur Leywin?"
How the hell did he get there? Just moments ago, he was occupied with Lucas inside Inferno's Cage. Instant teleportation? Was that even possible?
No… no no… no… that wasn't possible.
I jumped off of Torch as soon as I got close enough and rushed towards Arthur and Princess Tessia. Arthur was in bad shape. Most of his clothes were disintegrated, with only patches of his uniform intact and a strange bandage around his left arm. He was bloody all over and I could see deep gashes near his sides where a rib bone was visible. His body was wrapped around the princess and from what I could tell; he'd used most of his mana to protect her. Thanks to that, she was almost unscathed.
The rest of the students all rushed out of the viewing platform and made their way here. Fortunately, the princess was okay, but Arthur needed immediate attention. But as soon as I got close enough to try and help them, Arthur's little bond stopped me in my tracks.
"Grrr…" Normally, I'd find the small white fox that rode on top of Arthur's head cute, but right now, the killing intent it was giving off was anything but. The amount of pure menace radiating from that little fox was no joke. It seemed to be protecting its master and Princess Tessia.
"It's okay little buddy, I'm only trying to help." I tried to slowly ease my way closer but its growl only got louder. Torch, who was normally unafraid even in the chaos of battle, held me back with her beak clutching the back of my shirt.
"P-Professor, I-I didn't mean to. I mean, I didn't think Princess Tessia would suddenly faint." Curtis ran to me, his face pale in fright.
"It's alright, I know. I don't know how, but Arthur managed to protect the Princess. His bond won't let me get close to them though." I clenched my fists in frustration. Arthur needed immediate attention. Why was his bond risking his master's life by doing this? What was it trying to protect?
Curtis tried to get to Arthur and Tessia but failed as well, so we all just stood around the two of them. Every attempt at getting even a step closer to Arthur and Tessia resulted in the bond lashing out at us. "Someone get Director Goodsky!" I barked out. Some of the students regained their senses but when they were about to leave, a loud screech filled the air.
From above, a green owl soared down and landed in front of Arthur's bond.
"Kyu!"
"Hoo~"
"Kyu kyu~"
"Hoot!"
"A-Are they communicating?" Prince Glayder couldn't help but stammer out in confusion.
"I-I think so?" I scratched my head at this. Could mana beasts of different species communicate with each other?
As we all stood there, watching a white fox and a green owl 'talk', a couple of minutes later, Director Goodsky arrived looking quite flustered.
"Oh my." She kneeled in front of the two of them but this time, Arthur's bond didn't do anything to stop her.
"Director Goodsky…" Before I had the chance to tell her what happened, she stopped me.
"Please. I'll hear what happened later. Taking these two to the infirmary is top priority. I will take them myself. Go contact Guild Hall and have them send over their top healers," she said while levitating Arthur and the princess.
I gave her a nod before getting on top of Torch.
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
"COUGH! COUGH! Aughh…"
I woke up to a jolt of searing pain throughout my side, causing me to erupt in a fit of coughs. My whole body felt immersed in a concoction of different kinds of pain, from the stabbing pain to the burning pain to the throbbing pain with the occasional tearing pain radiating over my entire body.
Without the strength to even scream, I was left gritting my teeth as I clenched the side of the bed I was lying on.
They really needed to hurry up and invent anesthesia.
A few minutes later as I got a little more used to the agony my body was in; I feebly turned my head to see Sylvie sleeping next to me.
"How are you feeling, Arthur?" Director Goodsky's familiar voice came from the other side of the bed.
Without the strength to turn my head again, I whimpered, "Never better. Why do you ask?"
"If you have the will to answer sarcastically, I'm sure you'll be okay," she chuckled
If I had the strength to roll my eyes at her, I would have.
"How's Tessia?" I asked, my voice hoarse.
"Well, good news is, Tessia is in a much better state than you." She let out a sigh.
"…Her body can't handle her beast will, right?"
"How did you know?" Director Goodsky came around so she could face me completely.
"Because I was the one that gave the beast will to her." I tried to sit up but the pain from my body made me stop almost immediately.
Continuing what I was saying, I gritted my teeth to bear the pain. "Make sure no one knows that Tessia has a beast will, at least for now. I'd help Tessia with the assimilation myself if I was able to but I'll leave her to you." I could tell she wanted to ask more questions but she held back for my sake.
"Once I got you both back into infirmary, I didn't let anyone else see either of you besides the healers. I contacted the royal family, as well as your own, though. They should be coming soon. I assumed that she acquired the beast will from Virion but to think it was from you...Get some rest, Arthur. Though your body is unusually strong and I don't think there will be any repercussions from moving around soon, it's better to be safe than sorry." She headed to the door but turned back before leaving. "Thank you for saving Tessia."
I gave her a weak smile as I slumped back to sleep.
_______________________
The next time I stirred awake was from Sylvie licking my cheek. 'Papa, are you feeling better now?'
I must've been having a nightmare because I was drenched in sweat.
"Honey! Art is awake!" I heard my mother's voice to my left.
Turning my head was a lot easier if I ignored the pain.
"Hey Mom, when'd you guys get here?" I gave her the best smile I could muster up.
"Are you okay? Director Goodsky didn't really tell us what happened yet. How did you get hurt so badly on the first day of school?!" I could tell she wanted to hug me but she held herself back after realizing I probably wasn't in the best state for that.
My sister rushed to the other side of the bed and leaned forward. "Brother!! Are you okay now? Does it hurt?" My eyes widened in horror as I noticed that she was about to place her hand on my body to probe me but before she was able to, Mother stopped her.
"You're already getting into fights, Son?" my father smirked.
"You should see how the other guy looks," I grinned back, making him laugh.
My mother just gasped at this and started actually imagining what the other person must look like.
"He's only joking, Mrs. Leywin." Coming in through the door was Director Goodsky with the whole Eralith family, including Tess, who was looking a lot better.
"Th-This…" My father took a step back in surprise as my mother gasped, covering her mouth.
"Pleased to finally make your acquaintance, Mr. and Mrs. Leywin," Alduin Eralith, Tessia's father and the former king of Elenoir, grabbed my stunned father's hand and shook it.
"We have always wanted to meet the parents of Arthur. It is such a pleasure to meet you in person." Merial, the former queen of Elenoir and Tessia's mother, Merial Eralith hugged my mother, who still had her hands over her mouth in disbelief.
Merial then went to Ellie and patted her head gently. "You must be Arthur's little sister. You're so adorable!"
"I-I saw you guys at the announcement a couple of months back…" My father's speaking skills seemed to drastically decline in front of them, which I found surprising since they didn't react this much even towards the king and queen of Sapin.
"Greetings. I go by Virion Eralith, and I am your son's former teacher." He shot me a cheeky grin as he grasped my father's hand.
Without the energy to even retort, I just smiled helplessly back as my father and mother's gazes switched back and forth between the Eralith family and me.
"H-H-H-Hello! My name is Tessia Eralith. It's a pleasure to m-meet you! Please take care of me! I'm Arthur's childhood f-f-friend and I'm not sure if he talked about me with you but I really am!" Tessia bowed so her body was at a full ninety-degree angle, her voice a mixture of respect and panic. She quickly got back up with her hair draping over most of her face and as she tried to fix her hair, I could see her face becoming more and more red.
At this, my parents became a bit more surprised, but my mother looked at me with a coy smile that suggested she was onto something and kneeled in front of Tess.
"I see. Well aren't you the prettiest girl I've ever seen. Please take good care of my son. As you may know, he's the type to get into trouble a lot, so it'll really help me if I know he has someone like you next to him, now and in the future." My mother shot her a wink as she stroked Tess' hair.
I wasn't really sure what Tess really heard but she was definitely overthinking everything. Eyes widening as her already red face turned a shade brighter, she responded in a voice that was an octave higher than usual. "Y-YESS!!!" she beamed while nodding vigorously.
My father was still clueless as to what was going on but I could only internally groan. Leave it to my mother to instill misleading thoughts like this in a thirteen-year-old girl.
After getting back up, both my mother and Merial broke out into a fit of giggles while my sister began pouting, presumably because our mother said that Tess was the prettiest girl she'd ever seen.
"How are you feeling, brat?" Virion took a seat on the edge of the bed as he gave a pat to Sylvie who went back to sleep. Tess, regaining her senses, walked up to me too with a worried expression.
"Heh…I can beat you in a fight right now, Gramps." I tried to hold in the coughs that were about to come out but I couldn't.
"I'm so sorry, Art. If it wasn't for me, you wouldn't have been…" I stopped her mid-sentence and poked her gently between her eyebrows with my finger.
"Don't furrow your brows, Tess. Your face will turn ugly." As the strength in my arm gave out, I slumped back down and took a deep breath.
"Gramps, did you take a look at Tess' mana core? How's everything looking?" I couldn't help but be worried since I knew exactly what she was going through.
He gave me a soft smile. "Luckily, her body seems to be a lot more compatible with the beast core than your body was when you first integrated. By the way… How the hell did you manage to pick up an elderwood guardian's beast core?" He leaned in forward and spoke in a hushed voice.
"By killing one, of course." I gave him a weak smirk.
"You're joking…no…you're joking, right? You're telling me that you killed an S class mana beast?" Grampa's usually stern face was round in astonishment as he got even closer, our faces almost touching.
"You're too close, Gramps. I can smell what you had for your last meal…wait. How long have I been out for?" I couldn't get a grasp on how much time had passed.
"From what Cynthia told me, it's been a bit more than a day since you passed out. You missed your second day of class." He let out a sigh.
"Oh no… I guess I can forget about shooting for perfect attendance…" I gave a weak elbow to his arm, making him chuckle.
Tessia giggled as well as she took a seat on the bed too.
"I'm telling you! I'm Arthur Leywin's best friend! We're like brothers! If I can't visit him, then who can? I'm telling you, it's true!!" I heard a familiar voice echo in the distance and I couldn't help but chortle at my friend.
Director Goodsky, hearing this as well, signaled to the security to let him through.
"ARTHUR! You okay, man?" He rushed towards me, totally oblivious to the other people in the room.
"You're late. And you didn't even bring any food with you?" Letting out an exaggerated sigh, I just slightly shook my head.
"Haaa… I guess you're fine if you can talk like that." Elijah let out a sigh as relief washed over his face.
I started smiling as his head came back up and recognized who the other people in the room were. My friend's face contorted from relief to terror as he realized that, besides my family, the Director of the academy and the whole Royal Family of the Kingdom of Elenoir were also in the room.
"Uhh…oh my…" His slack jaw failed to form words.
"Pfft, Hahaha…oww…haha!" My stomach felt like it was being wrangled as I couldn't stop laughing.
"Gramps, Mr. and Mrs. Eralith, I'd like you to meet my closest friend, Elijah."
"P-Pleased to meet you! Sorry for being so rude just now!" Elijah immediately bowed, almost dropping his glasses.
After everyone got acquainted with each other, my parents continued to chat with Tess' parents at the other side of the room. Gramps finally left me alone and started catching up with Director Goodsky after wringing me of all the details and telling me to make time for him once I'm better to further discuss everything else.
"Brother. Who's prettier, me or her?" Ellie pointed at Tess and gave me a serious look.
"You guys are both pretty ugly to me." I just shrugged helplessly but I regretted it as soon as the words left my mouth.
"OWW! That seriously hurts right now!" I groaned as the both of them pinched and twisted the skin on my arm.
"Tess, like I said, Elijah is a close friend of mine. You guys should get along." I said through gritted teeth, my arm still throbbing, moreso from the state of my body than the power of my sister and Tess' pinches.
"Sorry, I never formally introduced myself to you. I'm Tessia Eralith, Arthur's closest friend." She stuck out her hand and as Elijah accepted her handshake, he responded, "I'm Elijah, Arthur's best friend. Nice to meet you." Sparks flew between them as they glared at each other in competition.
I just rolled my eyes as my sister giggled. I was getting tired from being awake for even this long, my eyelids beginning to weigh down heavily.
Director Goodsky, noticing this, announced to everyone, "Now! I think we should give Arthur some more time to rest. His life isn't in danger but he should be very tired right now."
"Son, come visit home after you're all healed up, okay?" My father grasped my hand and gave it a gentle squeeze before herding my family out.
"Get plenty of rest. Okay, dear?" my mother said as she headed out. Tess' parents said their brief goodbyes while patting me softly on the arm before following out after my parents.
"We'll catch up soon, brat." Virion ruffled my hair, making me wince, and towed Tess and Elijah out with him.
"Haa…" I looked at Sylvie, who was still fast asleep.
As I was about to close my eyes, the door squeaked open once more.
"Did you leave something, Tess?" Spotting from the corner of my eyes, I didn't bother turning my head.
"Hey Arthur…" She arrived next to me and glanced back at the door.
"Hmm?"
"You said you couldn't really move your body, right?" I could see in my peripheral view that she was fidgeting a little.
"I can probably only turn my head and lift my arm for a little bit, why?" As I turned my head towards her, my eyes widen in surprise as I realized that Tess' face was just inches away from mine. Her eyes gazed at me with an expression I'd never seen in her ever and before long, I felt her lips as she closed her eyes.
The soft, warm sensation of her lips on top of mine caught me by surprise but my body didn't let me react. Instead, I spotted a small mole in the outer corner of her left eye that I'd never noticed before.
As she pulled away, her eyes locked onto mine. Then she quickly turned her head and ran out of the room, leaving me more dazed than when I had first woken up.


Chapter 58: Feelings and Old Memories

TESSIA ERALITH'S POV:
I kissed him… I k-kissed him!
As I ran out of the room, I could feel the temperature in my face rising rapidly. That was my first k-kiss! I wonder if he liked it? Did I do it right? My face didn't look weird as I kissed him r-right?
I stopped in the hall and looked at my reflection in the window. I stood right in front of it and pretended to kiss Art again to see how I'd looked.
"EEK! NOOO!!" Banging my head on the window in embarrassment, I could only groan at the thought of how weird I must've looked to him. As I looked outside through the window with my forehead still glued against it, I touched my lips with my fingers.
His lips sure were soft. They were a bit chapped since he was so hurt but it felt nice.
"Hehe…"
I noticed that my face in the reflection showed a perverted grin.
Oh God, I'm turning into a pervert. I wonder if I came on too strong? What if he didn't like it? What if he thinks I'm some sort of pervert now?
"UGHHH!" I slumped down to my knees as my forehead slid down the window.
Wait. How was I supposed to face him now? Things were just getting better too! Did I just ruin everything? What if he ignored me now, when he saw me?
A throbbing ache thumped in my chest as tears started welling up in the corners of my eyes. I wouldn't be able to bear it if Art ignored me like that.
Should I go back to his room and pretend it was all a joke? I imagined myself bursting in the room, laughing and pointing at him. "Got you! Hahaha! You really fell for it!"
Am I stupid? I groaned again at the stupidity of it all.
No! You did the right thing, Tess! Things would never progress if I left it up to Art! He still treats me like a child every time we're together. It was for the best!
"Yeah!" I fist pumped the air to encourage myself but I still let out a big sigh at the thought of him not liking me.
"Tch!" Who cares?! If that stupid Art chooses to ignore me, I can just find someone better than him! He wasn't that great anyway! He's just a teeny bit better-looking than average. He's only slightly better than mediocre in magic, right?
Sigh. Who was I kidding? I couldn't imagine myself with anyone else but Arthur. Sure, over the years, there were nobles that tried to impress me and tried to get close but they didn't come close to Arthur.
That stupid Art! He's such a player! "'Don't furrow your brows, Tess. Your face will turn ugly,'
" I said in a mocking tone, imitating him.
Tch! Making my heart skip a beat for no reason! That stupid player!
"GAH! Who cares if he doesn't like you, Tess! It's his loss! What don't you have? You're a talented mage! You're also pretty smart and popular too, right? Not to sound conceited but you're not a bad-looking girl either, right? Arthur is the one that's missing out if he doesn't snatch you up!" I pointed at my reflection as if she's a different person.
I wondered what kind of excuses I could make to talk to Arthur. There were plenty of excuses! His Mother personally asked me to watch over him, yeah! A-And also, the beast core assimilation! I could just ask him to help me with it since he was the one that gave me the beast core! It was only right that he took the responsibility, right?
Sigh…
I took one last look back at where Arthur's room was before I slumped back to my dorm.
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
I k-kissed Tess…
I kissed Tessia Eralith, a thirteen-year-old girl. Wasn't this a crime? Was I a criminal? No, I had to calm down. I was in the body of a twelve-year-old boy. Why did I feel so guilty then? I shouldn't, right?
She was the one that kissed me after all! I was the victim here! Making a move on me while I was in this vulnerable state...he sure was smart, that Tess. As I stared blankly at the door she'd left through, my shaking hand finally reached my lips and I just lay there, dumbfounded, touching my mouth as my mind couldn't help but recall the soft, moist touch of her lips.
This was wrong. Yes, I was technically only twelve years old, but with the mental age from my previous life and this life combined, I was almost 50! Even assuming that I had kids late, Tess would still be around the age of a daughter if I'd had one.
Goddammit! All of this was because of this accursed body! These raging hormones in my body right now! The reason I was feeling so guilty was because I actually enjoyed it. It felt nice when Tess kissed me. It shouldn't feel nice and I shouldn't enjoy a kiss from a little girl, but I did.
I groaned, half from pain and the other half from thinking about what was going to happen between Tess and I. Knowing her, she was probably over-thinking a lot of things right now and she was going to be really uncomfortable around me.
I almost laughed at the thought of what people might think of Tess when she was with me. If someone didn't know any better, they might even assume that she hated me since she was the type to act cold when she didn't know what to do.
Something told me that if I didn't clear things up with her, there would only be more misunderstandings.
How should I clear things up though? It's not like she confessed or anything. Should we date? No, no, no. Did kids our age even know what dating was?
I looked back and thought of the time when I was twelve in my past life. When I was twelve, my life was filled with only training. Being raised in an orphanage and getting sent to an institute solely dedicated to raising duelists, I couldn't say that I really had any experience dating.
We were too young anyhow, right? I was technically only twelve in this body! Was this body even capable of reproducing yet? Oh God, now you're overthinking this, Arthur.
Haa… it wasn't like I hated Tess. I was actually quite fond of her. She was still immature in some senses, but I shouldn't let that be an excuse right?
"What do you think, Sylv?" I poked my sleeping bond as her body slowly heaved up and down with her breaths. I was surprised she hadn't woken up when Tess kissed me.
As I played with my bond's ears and paws, my breaths began to synchronize with hers, and I soon fell asleep.
_________________________________________
Over the past couple of days, quite a few people came to visit me while my body was recovering. Curtis came by and asked if I was okay. I only shot him a grin and said that his move was pretty damn strong, making him laugh. Claire Bladeheart also stopped by to check on me and kept me up-to-date committee meetings so I wouldn't be totally lost when I went back.
To my surprise, Kathyln came by herself instead of with her brother. She asked if I was okay and I swore, she had a worried expression on her face. I was more surprised by that than anything else. I could tell everyone had a lot of questions. Curtis looked like he wanted to ask me something a few times but he held back because of my condition. Even Professor Glory came to visit, with basket of fruits in hand.
"I'll tell you now, Lucas has been pretty heated up in class. I can't blame him, though. To him, it must've felt like he was beating you in every sense, but you suddenly disappeared and appeared a few hundred meters away instantly." She paused before continuing. "H-How did you do it anyways? I've never seen anything like that. You should know that even Director Goodsky isn't capable of what you just did. Instant teleportation was always thought of to be a myth. Yet, here you are, a twelve-year-old..."
By this time, I was able to sit up without it hurting that much, so I lifted myself up just enough to be at eye-level with the seated Professor Glory.
"Growth isn't stopped by a lack of talent or a series of unfortunate luck. Growth is stopped once the person limits his own ability to grow. With that said, I believe everyone has a secret or two they wish to keep to themselves." I sunk back down in my bed, leaving Professor Glory confused and without a means to respond.
Director Goodsky visited once. I asked what was happening to the class I was supposed to be teaching and they said that, for now, Professor Glory volunteered to take on the extra class as a substitute until I was better. She didn't stay for long and came mainly to update me on how Tess was doing.
"As her assimilation continues, she's becoming more and more stable. These past couple of days, she has only had one more fit," she stated.
"Thanks for taking care of her, Director." I gave her a smile.
"Don't thank me, Arthur. She is my precious disciple, after all. Ahh, that reminds me. I will be out of the academy for a couple days on some business. Since Virion has gone back, I need you to help Tessia with her assimilation until I am back. Can you do that for me?" she said, not waiting for an answer before leaving through the door, as if the question was a mere formality.
"Uh, yeah. S-Sure, I can do that." I shook my head helplessly at this. I wasn't sure if Director Goodsky really has errands to run but she was definitely giving me an excuse to meet Tess.
My body's recovery rate was a lot faster thanks to the assimilation of Sylvia's Dragon Will into my muscles and bones. I also spent this time while recovering to meditate and develop my mana core. I was at the threshold of breaking out of the dark yellow stage but it would take a bit more time until I could reach solid yellow. I would still feel a bit weak, but thankfully I planned on leaving the infirmary and resuming normal school life starting tomorrow. My body felt stiff from being in bed for so long.
Hearing a strong knock on the door, I called, "Come in." I turned my head as Sylvie hopped off the bed and padded towards the door.
"I came to visit you!" My father had a wide grin on his face as soon as he noticed how much better I looked than before.
"Hey, Dad." I smiled back as Sylvie 'kyus' in greeting before hopping back up next to me.
Taking a seat, my father caught me up on everything going on at home. We talked for quite a bit of time and I realized how comfortable it was to talk to my father. Family sure was different than anyone else. The fact that he didn't have any ulterior motives, no plan, no secrets, was comforting. He just wanted what was best for me.
After a brief period of silence, I asked him something that had been bothering me. "Hey, Dad. How come Mom never really uses her magic? I mean, she healed small wounds for me when I was little and stuff, but that was about it. I remember you telling me how great of an emitter she was."
Looking at my father, I was surprised that his usual bright face turned a little sullen.
"Your mother...she carries a lot of weight in her heart." Letting out a deep sigh, he continued.
"I know you're mature enough to know this but I want you to be patient. She'll tell you when she feels ready, so I want you to wait for her to tell you directly." He ruffled before we changed topics.
"How's everyone doing at home anyway?" It hadn't been that long but it still felt like it'd been awhile since I'd spent some time with my family.
"Oh, you know, your mother is busy mingling with her friends. Your sister, though, she's becoming quite a handful." He chuckles to himself.
"Maybe we had it too easy raising you, but I sometimes just don't know what to do with Ellie." Scratching his head, I notice some wrinkles that hadn't been there before.
"Just give her some space. She'll come around." Patting my father's arm weakly, I repositioned myself as I felt my body cramping up.
"I should let you rest, Son." He pinched my nose softly and quietly left through the door, leaving me wondering what could possibly have happened with Mother that she became too traumatized to use her powers.
"Kyu?" Sylvie asked me what I was thinking of and I just shook my head. "It's nothing, Sylv. I hope."


Chapter 59: First Day On The Job

"Easy… take it slow. There you go." Elijah supported me back up. It'd been exactly one week since I had gotten injured and also since the last time I'd walked. Even with mana circulating throughout my body, strengthening my limbs, I still felt rather sluggish.
"Kyu…" Sylvie looked at me with as close of a concerned face she could have for a fox-like mana beast. She was walking beside me instead of curling up on top of my head, afraid that I wouldn't be able to hold her up.
Elijah came over to my hospital room as soon as his first period was over. I would be starting off my day as a professor for the Practical Mana Manipulation class and I wasn't so eager in my current state. With my legs giving out every couple of steps and my back and sides burning, I barely had the strength to get to the class, let alone teach it.
After slowly getting used to walking, I stopped leaning on Elijah for support and used Dawn's Ballad as my walking stick. I couldn't help but chuckle because of the ill-humored irony. I remember how I had thought that this sword was nothing more than a walking stick when in fact, it was a priceless sword. I shook my head at the fact that my assumption back then had actually been a foreshadowing of my current situation.
Elijah wrapped the handle and sheath in a white bandage both for comfort and for safety from suspicious eyes. Here I was, a twelve-year-old, already using a cane to support myself from falling.
"Are you going to be okay by yourself? Maybe I should at least help you out in between classes today?" Elijah's face wrinkled in concern as he stuck close by me, ready to catch me if I stumbled.
"I'll be okay." I didn't have the confidence to say that I wouldn't fall, but I didn't want to keep Elijah constantly by my side.
As we arrived in front of the classroom, Elijah's brows were still furrowed underneath his glasses, and I knew he was hesitant to let me go by myself.
"Arthur. Let me help you."
I turned my head around to see Princess Kathyln run toward me, away from her group of friends. Without giving me a chance to respond, she placed her arm around my waist as she dipped underneath my free hand so I wouldn't just be using on my walking st—sword, as support.
"Uhh… okay. Thank you." I shrugged at Elijah, who stood with jaws agape. He held up two fingers as he mouthed the word 'princesses' but I just shook my head and turned back to make my way inside my room.
"I heard our new professor is finally coming today!"
"Oh really? I liked Professor Glory, though."
"Anyone should be better than Professor Geist, right?"
"You never know, we might get an even more dangerous weirdo this time."
"Hey, isn't that the disciplinary committee officer that beat Geist?"
"Why is he limping?"
The various discussions the students were having all changed to murmurs about me as soon as I walked in.
"I'll be fine now, Princess Kathyln. Thank you." I eased my arm off of her shoulders.
"You need help up the stairs…" Her expressionless face didn't match the concern in her voice. I just shook my head and motioned for her to go first.
Sylvie followed close behind as I walked to the middle of the room, taking small hops towards the moveable podium that was placed in the center of the small stadium.
"Whew…" I let out a deep breath in relief as I put all of my weight on the podium that stood a bit too tall for my height.
Looking up, I spotted Feyrith in one of the desks with a curious expression on his face. As soon as Kathyln reached her desk, I spotted her looking back, trying to find me. She also gave me a confused look when she realized that I'd never gone up the stairs behind her and instead, moved to the middle of the room.
By this time, the conversations amongst the classmates centered around me diminished as more and more of the young mages began wondering what I was doing leaning against the professor's podium.
"I'm not sure how many of you know my name, but I believe that most of you at least know who I am. My name is Arthur Leywin, a disciplinary committee member, the only son of two wonderful mages, a doting brother, and your new professor. Let's get along."
I counted down in my head, predicting when the class would erupt. Almost exactly in sync, the entitled students that filled the classroom stood up in disbelief and some in anger as they shouted to stop kidding around and get back to my seat.
"You expect us to believe that a brat like you is our new professor?" one of the second-years exclaimed.
"Stop messing around and get back up here! Who do you think you are?" one short first-year barked.
I let out a pained breath as I relished the thought of being able to teach this class while lying down.
This would be a lot easier if Professor Glory or Director Goodsky let the class know that I would be teaching beforehand. She should have at least given me an official document to prove that I was the new professor, but knowing her, I couldn't help but wonder if Director Goodsky did this on purpose.
It, at least, seemed like something she would do.
"Mmm… would you guys believe me if I said that Director Goodsky appointed me to be the professor for this class for the remainder of the semester?"
"Get real!"
"Stop joking!"
"Shut up!"
Another round of protests resounded within the room as the students grew rowdier.
Looking to my fellow committee members, I could see Feyrith's sharp face, filled with a mixture of incredulity and doubt, while Kathlyn wore a perplexed expression.
"Don't get so cocky just because you beat the old professor! Do you think you could've won if Princess Kathyln and Feyrith didn't tire him out?" a different second-year jumped down and landed on the stage with a loud thud.
The student had a pretty big build, and judging from the poor circulation of mana in his body, he was probably at the level of being able to augment only some of his body.
He took long strides towards me, preparing to carry me off the stage. Feyrith stood up, ready to jump on the stage as well to stop the big guy but I just shook my head at him.
Misunderstanding my gesture as a taunt, he roared, "You shaking your head at me now? Who do you think you are?"
Half of the students were a bit nervous, not wanting to get caught up in another drama during class, while the other half was cheering Mr. Brute on.
Shifting my gaze back down at the boy approaching me, I uttered a single word.
"Sit."
Suddenly bombarded with a large influx of mana, the large student crumpled to his bottom with enough force to slightly shake the stage we were on.
The room grew deathly quiet as I hobbled over to the confused and embarrassed student sitting upright on his behind. Standing over him, I remained silent, giving him a moment to let it sink in to the oaf what sort of position he was in.
"Director Goodsky didn't bother giving me any official documents proving my claim, but like it or not, I will be teaching this class."
I stepped over the student and made my way to the other side of the silent room.
"If any of you has a problem with this, you can take it up with this cute little fox here, though I guarantee that she will easily wipe the floor with any of you." I scooped up Sylvie below her armpits and show the entire class.
The students looked at one another, unsure of what to do, so I continued speaking. "For those who want to leave, I won't stop you—in fact, I'll even allow you to be put into another class of your choice. However, if any of you here are even a tiny bit curious as to what this little boy here with a limp can teach you, feel free to stay." I pointed at the door and waited a few seconds, but whether it was because of my little demonstration with the second-year or because they were afraid, none of the students actually left.
"Now... If you'll please go back to your seat, student, I'll begin my lesson." I peered at the second-year that had jumped down to eagerly show off his limited ability.
His face turning beet red, the student quickly got up and scrambled back up to his seat. As he did so, I took my time slowly limping back to the center of the stage and leaned on the podium that Sylvie had jumped up on.
"Since this is a Practical Mana Manipulation class, I'll ask a practical question. What is the best way to utilize mana in the surrounding atmosphere?" I scanned through the seats filled with students when almost instantly, a beak-nosed human student with a ponytail shot her hand up.
"Mana is best utilized by absorbing the mana naturally formed in the atmosphere into the mana core where it can be condensed and purified for use when spells or techniques are cast." She gave me a smug look, obviously proud of her answer.
"Good. Now, as you all know, the difference between augmenters and conjurers lie in the fact that augmenters mostly use the mana in their cores via their mana channels while conjurers directly absorb mana from the surrounding atmosphere via their mana veins. So… why do both types of mages have to meditate and absorb mana if only the augmenters actually utilize the mana they absorb into their core?" I quizzed, not looking at anyone in particular.
"…" The same girl's confident hand shrank down as she pondered over the answer.
"While augmenters incorporate mana into physical attacks, thus reducing the amount of mana used, conjurers manipulate the space that the spell is casted in directly, consuming more mana. Because of that, conjurers use the purified mana in their mana core as a reserve to avoid backlash," Kathyln answered, her face relaxed as she remained seated.
"Correct. Then the last question of the day: is the color of a conjurer's or even an augmenter's mana core a truly accurate way of measuring the level of the mage's power?" I leaned forward, shifting my weight from my left leg to my right.
I hold in my chuckle as Kathlyn's usually composed face scrunched in deep thought. "That'll be your homework for today. Everyone, come down to the stage and line up! I want the conjurers to my left and augmenters to my right."
After a few grumbles of complaints, eventually everyone made their way to one side of the stadium, all lined up side by side, facing me.
"For this exercise, I want everyone to initiate the most basic spell of your affinity. Conjurers, no wand," I stated.
For augmenters, the most basic spells taught all came in a very similar form. For fire affinity augmenters, it would be Fire Fist, which was igniting a small ember covering their fist. For wind, it would be Whirlwind Fist. For water, it would be Aqua Fist, and for earth, Boulder Fist. After mages were able to manifest their elements, the augmenters' first step was learning to integrate their element into their hands, the limbs they were most accustomed to using.
The fact that these royal mages were even allowed to attend this school was because, thanks to their lineage, they had high talent and usually had the ability to manifest their elements early on. It took my father more than twenty years in order for him to manifest an actual flame, but these twelve to fourteen-year-olds were already capable of this. That was the difference in genes, something that even I found to be undeniable.
As for the conjurers, the most basic spell involved gathering a specific elemental mana into a sphere and shooting it. For fire specialists, that would be in the form of the spell, Fireball. For wind, it would be Wind Bullet. For water, Water Bullet, and for earth, Stone Bullet.
Conjurers had it easier since they didn't have to directly form the element in their bodies, but absorb the specific mana particles around them and use that to invoke the spell. Why conjurers had specializations in different elements had to do with how well they were able to sense the specific elemental mana particles around them and utilize it.
I leaned my head on my palms as I watched both types of mages prepare their spell.
The augmenters in the class all began concentrating with their dominant hands clenched into fists. A few long seconds later, their spells became visible as their respective elements enveloped their fists. The time it took for the augmenters varied but not by much.
The conjurers in the class all began softly chanting as the space in front of their palms began glowing different colors, depending on their elemental affinities. Unsurprisingly, the time it took Feyrith and Kathyln to form the spell in front of their hands was much faster than everyone else.
The only difference between the augmenters and conjurers in their spells was that the augmenters' elements surrounded their fists while the conjurers' elements gathered in front of their palms.
"Now, augmenters, I want you to try and launch your spell in front of you. Conjurers, I want you to try and absorb the spell you conjured into your hand." I gave them an innocent smile as they stared at me blankly.
After a few seconds, they realized I wasn't joking so, one by one, they began their attempts at a concept very foreign to their nature.
I watched as the augmenters all failed in their attempts. Some roared as they flailed their arms while others tried to chant to no avail. It got to the point where it became almost comical as one student thought roaring out 'fire' would do the trick.
The conjurers weren't any better as all of them ended up getting cut, burned, wet or bruised. After about ten minutes of struggling, most gave up and looked at me accusingly; even Feyrith and Kathyln had expressions of doubt.
"This is stupid. We all know that only high level augmenters can cast long distance spells!" one of the augmenter students cried.
"Yeah! And what's the point in absorbing back a spell we prepared and conjured anyway?" an elven student whined as she cradled her hand.
Leaving Sylvie on top of the podium, I hobbled to the opposite side of the stage, away from the students.
Taking a brief moment to concentrate, I aimed at an open space between the conjurers and augmenters.
A gust of wind formed around my hand before shooting out past the students. By the time it reached the metal wall behind them, the bullet of air dissipated harmlessly.
One of the students retorted, "Big deal, but most augmenters can do that once they reach orange stage."
"True, it's not hard to do that, but—" I raised my other arm and shot a stream of compressed air directly out of my palm. The attack whistled as it hit the wall behind the students once more, but this time, the wall caved in at the pressure, forming a small crater. "—have you seen any augmenters do that at the orange stage?"
The students, startled by the impact of the supposedly same spell, whipped their heads back and forth between me and the wall.
"I can't accurately demonstrate what would happen when conjurers are able to absorb the spells that they invoke, but trust me, it'll only help you."
I staggered back to the podium and grabbed my bond. "That's it for today. Try and come up with the answer to the question and practice what I just told you to do. See you tomorrow."
I gave them one last wave as I left the room. Once outside, I could hear the students inside erupt in excitement.
"How'd I do, Sylv?" I asked, letting go of my bond.
'Not bad. But I could do better,' she replied brightly, walking by my side.


Chapter 60: Confrontation

I took a deep breath as I sat outside on a nearby bench. Realizing that I ended class a bit too early, I noticed the campus was fairly peaceful with most students still in their classrooms. It'd been awhile since I'd felt this weak, but getting up and walking around definitely helped.
I sat idly, watching Sylvie chase after a butterfly through the lawn in front of me when I heard footsteps approaching from the right.
"Is this seat taken?" I turned my head to see Princess Kathyln leaning forward so her face was level with mine.
"No, go ahead." I said as I slowly scooched a bit to my left to make room for her. She carefully placed her handkerchief over the bench and took a seat on top of it, straightening out her rumpled skirt. We sat there, silently, as both of us just watched Sylvie finally capture the agile butterfly that was now struggling in her paws.
"I heard about what happened from my brother... I'm sorry." Her voice grew quiet at the end of her sentence.
I kept my eyes focused on Sylvie but responded with a soft chuckle. "Why are you saying sorry as well? Even if it was your brother's fault, which it isn't, he already apologized."
"It's just… I feel like my family owes you many apologies. For what happened with Sebastian and my father as well. That time at the Auction House… he's not usually like that but he was shocked as well at the turn of events and he needed to keep his image and…" For the first time, I witnessed Kathyln getting flustered as her usual composed face became flushed, her expression panicked as she tried to make me understand.
"I think this is the first time I've seen an actual difference in your expression, Princess. It's a nice change." I snickered as she blushed even brighter, turning her body away from me.
"…Please, don't mock me, Arthur. I didn't expect you to be this type of person," she said with her head still turned.
"Oh? What kind of person did you expect me to be?" I tilted my head in curiosity.
"W-Well, when I first met you at the auction event, I noticed you held yourself with much maturity…" she murmured, not turning back around.
"You noticed how people hold themselves when you were barely eight years old?" Reading the posture of a person was something keen adults barely learned how to do later on with years of meeting many different kinds of people.
"Yes… being the only princess of a kingdom, you end up acquiring that skill fairly quickly. Also, with both my father and brother being quite the characters, I felt like my mother and I were the only normal ones at times." By this time, Princess Kathyln turned back to face me.
"Oh? I didn't really find anything unusual about your brother. He seemed quite charismatic." I remembered meeting Curtis for the first time at the Auction House. Compared to then, he'd matured quite a bit.
"Yes, he's gotten a lot better, seeing as he's able to apologize to you. That would've been very hard for him a while back because of his pride." She let out a sigh as the both of us spectated Sylvie's little battle with another bug. "When I first saw you, I noticed right away that you were very different from everyone else. How should I say this? I was very intrigued by you…" Her head lowered a bit as she continued speaking.
"Haha… is that right? I thought the opposite since your face had no reaction or change the whole time." I let out a soft laugh in reminiscence, remembering the event that happened four years prior.
"I apologize. I-I'm not the most proficient in using my facial muscles effectively." I found it cute as she pushed her cheeks up and down with her fingers in an attempt to forcefully make different expressions.
"Tell me about it. I was beginning to think you were wearing a mask by how stiff your face was." I felt her gaze on my face when I smiled, making me feel a little awkward.
"…I will practice." Princess Kathyln suddenly nodded to herself as I noticed her expression looked slightly more determined than usual.
"Pfft! I'm not sure if this is something you can practice. Just don't force your emotions down and let your face move the way it wants to according to how you feel. When you feel sad, your face will naturally want to frown. When you're happy, your face will naturally want to smile. Like this!" I overexaggerated the expressions on my face as I switch from an ugly frown to a bright smile, causing her to suddenly turn away from me.
Oops. Did I overdo it?
KATHYLN GLAYDER'S POV:
I couldn't show any weakness. As the only girl in the royal family besides my mother, I had a duty to uphold. When males came to visit me, hoping to gain my favor, I wouldn't show any weakness they could use against me. That was my fight.
I couldn't read minds, but it wasn't hard to see that all of the males that came to me, both my age and ones a lot older, had ulterior motives. Royal lineage, superior ability, and physical appearance… the things that all people believed would make their lives easier were shackles that robbed me of the freedom I wished to have.
Yet, here I was, with a boy my age that was so much more talented and sought after, yet still so… bright. He shined with a brilliance that made me want to be like him. What made him so different from me? How was he still able to express his emotions freely without being afraid of how others would view him?
I couldn't control myself from letting out a laugh as Arthur contorted his face like that. He looked so silly.
I immediately covered my mouth after giggling, trying to hide my smile.
"See! That wasn't so hard!" His exaggerated smile turned gentle, comforting me.
"I should teach stuff like this instead of Mana Manipulation, right?" He let out a pained laugh as he leaned down to pet his bond that was sitting between his legs.
"That reminds me. The wind bullet spell that you used to demonstrate seemed almost like a conjurer's spell compared to the second one you used. How exactly did you do it? I am also curious as to why you made the conjurers try and absorb the spell back into their bodies. I have never heard of conjurers doing that." I went on like an excited child about the questions that filled my mind, making me embarrassed.
"Whoa! Is that why you came up to me? Is this what you were after?" He leaned away from me, shocked.
"N-No! Of course not! That was never my intention!" Oh no! I wasn't like the men that came after me with some motive. I just saw him sitting there and wanted to… why did I ask to sit next to him?
I realized my hand was slightly touching his arm so I pulled it back quickly.
"Heh, I was obviously joking, Princess. I'm not sure if I should tell you though. It wouldn't be very fair of me to give you the advantage like that, right?" He gave me a little wink that made my chest feel heavy all of a sudden. What was that?
"I-I guess you are right. It would be unfair to give me answers to the homework you assigned," I responded quietly.
"Mmm… well, I guess I can give a little pointer for a fellow disciplinary committee member. Watch now." I look up to see him concentrate as he lifted both his hands, palms up.
His left hand began to glow as soft winds swirled, surrounding his hand. As for his right hand, only a small portion in the center of his palm glowed. The wind that gathered towards this hand didn't surround his entire hand, but instead, swirled into a sphere just above his palm. With a brief flick of his wrists, he shot out the small gusts of wind in both hands forward.
The wind that surrounded his left hand dissipated after a few meters but the spherical wind that he conjured with his right hand shot out several times farther before dissipating with a soft 'pa'!
"There is your hint for the augmenter's homework. As for what I assigned the conjurers, think backwards." He got up as I contemplated what he'd just done.
"I should get going now. Let me know if you need more lessons on facial expressions." He gave me an exaggerated scowl, then a perverted smile, making me almost laugh again.
"Aww… you didn't laugh this time. Too bad." He slowly walked off with his bond scampering next to him. I couldn't help but feel a bit empty as I sat alone on the bench that now seemed too big for just me to sit on.
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
"Psst. I heard you got hurt on the first day of class. Are you okay?" Emily's thick glasses shifted down as she leaned forward next to me, whispering in the middle of class. We were learning about the basic components that made up different types of artifacts.
All of a sudden, a piece of chalk flew straight at Emily, disappearing somewhere into her curly hair.
Gideon gave a light cough, his hand still stretched out after throwing the chalk at her. "Miss Watsken, please enlighten the class on the various components in a basic light-producing artifact."
"The basic light-producing artifact is made up of the basic foundation crystal, Florenite, found abundantly near the outskirts of Sapin and also in the Kingdom of Darv. After Florenite is refined, it will constantly let out a dim light so in order to control the output of the ore…"
"Ok ok, that's enough. Sheesh, I just asked for the material." Gideon grumbled something under his breath as he cut Emily mid-explanation.
Giving a light shrug, she took out some paper to write on while she made futile attempts to scavenge the piece of chalk buried somewhere deep in her hair.
We exchanged notes for a bit, writing to each other about what happened. I tried skimming over the details but that didn't really seem to work with her.
Eventually, because of the lack of details from my side, she wasn't really able to piece anything together, leaving her frustrated and curious.
"Something seems off…" She eyed me as we left class after packing up our things. For homework, we were already assigned some sort of mini project where we had to assemble a light-producing artifact, or LPA for short.
"You're overthinking things, Emily. I'm more worried about the project that Gideon already assigned us. I'm so lost after missing the first week." This was actually true. My critical thinking abilities and vague knowledge of technology from my past allowed me to make connections and understand more than most first years, but everyone was grumbling about how this class was one of their hardest. Leave it to that eccentric Gideon to teach a basic class as if it were several levels higher.
"Meh, I already have a couple LPAs I made lying around in my dorm anyway. Might as well put them to use." She adjusted her oversized backpack and we headed over to grab lunch.
"Wow… you could probably ace this class in your sleep." I shook my head as I picked up a tray and grabbed some food.
"Kyu!" 'Get more meat, Papa!' Sylvie hopped on top of my head in protest when I picked up some vegetables.
"Ok ok." I went back and picked up a few more pieces of meat when Emily looked at me with a weird expression on her face.
"Can you understand what your bond is saying?" She lifted her glasses up in place as she looked up at Sylvie.
"Can't all bonds?" I asked.
"No, not at all, actually. They can understand their emotions to a certain extent but not… verbal cues." Her eyes squinted as she took a closer look at Sylvie.
Pushing her head back with my finger on her forehead, I responded, "That's what I meant. I only felt my bond complaining and I just inferred that it was because I picked up vegetables. You're overthinking things again, Emily."
"Yeah, I guess you're right. She's cute though." She just shrugged and picked up more food for herself.
"Ah! There you are, Art! Director Goodsky wants…Oh, hello." Elijah stopped in his tracks as he realized I was with a friend.
"Hey, Elijah. This is Emily. Emily, Elijah." I said with my mouth half full with a piece of stewed beef.
"Nice to meet you! Emily smiled and stuck out the hand that wasn't carrying her food tray.
"A pleasure to meet you," Elijah responded as he shook her hand, a look of curiosity on his face. "Anyways, Art. You need to…uh… head over to your training room. Director Goodsky, remember?" He gave me a look, signaling that it was urgent.
"Oh… wait, now?" I looked at my food.
"Yes. Now." He gently pushed me towards the door while I tried to scarf down as much food as I could. Sylvie swept a big portion of the meat with her tongue as we placed the tray next to the trash bin.
"You two get acquainted! I'll be leaving first!" I waved at my friends as they waved back.
I remembered Director Goodsky telling me where my private training room would be while I was in the hospital room. Supposedly, the mana density was supposed to be a lot higher there, making it easier to train.
"I wonder what Director Goodsky wants. I should give her a mouthful about class today," I said to no one in particular as Sylvie and I made our way towards the room.
All of the rooms were underneath the library, where a staff member had to lead you. Usually, upperclassmen were allowed to borrow a room for a couple of hours to train but I was lucky to have a private one all to myself.
There were two entrances in the library building: one to the actual library, the other to a sort of waiting room for all of the training facilities. Opening the entrance to the waiting room, I walked slowly past some upperclassmen before arriving at the front desk. "Hi, my name is Arthur Leywin." I didn't exactly know what Director Goodsky wanted so I hoped that the lady at the front desk would know what to do once I told her my name.
"Ah, yes! Today is your first time visiting the room, correct?" The lady had a very refined suit, reminding me of a concierge at some fancy hotel.
"Yes." I nodded in response as she bent down and opened a drawer.
"Please place both your palms on this stone. Make sure all of the tips of your fingers are flat." In both hands, she held out a flat tablet with various inscriptions etched onto it.
Doing as told, I felt a brief numbing sensation spread over my hands as she activated the tablet.
"Perfect! I'll show you to your room. Please follow me." Leading me to a room in the back where a scarred man about two meters tall and holding a spear guarded the door, the front desk lady ushered me forward.
The room that the scarred man guarded was actually some sort of elevator put together by various gears, which I assumed were powered by either mana cores or some other mana-producing ore.
"Wow. This is my first time riding in something like this." I said in awe, reminiscing the last time I rode in an elevator.
"Fufu, yes. Not many of these exist yet. The genius artificer Gideon, who is currently a professor here, built this device. I'm sure you've heard of him?" She said, admiring the elevator herself.
"More than heard of him. He's actually one of my professors. With the way he teaches his class, I wish he wasn't such a genius." I gave her a wink, making her giggle.
"Here we are! Make sure to remember how to get to your room. Since I've registered you to your room, you are allowed to come in anytime you wish," she said while guiding me through the halls.
"That scary scarred man won't stop me?" I asked, pointing up with my sheathed sword.
"Hoho, no. He won't stop you. Ah! We've arrived." We reached the end of the hall where there was a large set of double doors without any handles.
"This door seems different from all of the other ones." I turned my head back to compare.
"Yes. Director Goodsky seems to place quite a bit of precedence in your training." She gave me a charming smile.
"Yet she doesn't even bother to tell my class who their new professor is," I muttered under my breath.
"Excuse me?" The lady tilted her head in confusion.
"It's nothing. So how do I open this?" I responded while Sylvie jumped off my head and excitedly hopped in place in front of the double doors.
"If you place either of your palms against the door, it will open automatically. If you need any further assistance, there is a communication device inside where you can contact me. If you are hungry, I can also send someone over to bring you some food." She bowed, waiting for me to open the door.
"Thank you. What was your name?" I turned my head, my hand raised, ready to open the door.
"Please call me Chloe. I wish you a fruitful training session." She said, her head still down.
"Got it. Thanks again, Chloe." I turned back and placed my right hand on the double doors. With a loud engine-like noise, the area where I placed my palm glowed as streams of light branched out. Eventually, the light dimmed and the door slid open to reveal a room very different from what I imagined.
I turned my head back but Chloe was already gone. Sylvie ran off before I could even take a step forward and as I looked inside the room, the sudden brightness compared to the dim hall made me squint. My vision soon adjusted and, as I lowered my hand, my eyes spotted a familiar figure, fidgeting in place as Sylvie scurried up her leg.
I didn't know if it was from the sparkling brightness inside the room or the fact that this room looked more like a huge natural wonder rather than a training facility but my childhood friend looked stunning. Tess, who was cuddling her cheek against Sylvie on her shoulder, stood before me, wearing a very loose, white training robe.
"H-hi," Tess said with her head lowered and eyes looking up at me.
I stepped forward as the door closed behind me. The floor underneath me was grass, and there was a rather big pond with a waterfall as well. Huge boulders and trees surrounded us, making me feel as if this was a dream. Snapping out of my momentary daze, I scratched my head with the hand that wasn't holding Dawn's Ballad.
"Hey, Tess." I gave her an awkward smile.
"S-Should we get started?" Tess put Sylvie down on the ground before she shyly started removing her robe.
"W-Wait, what? Get started with what?" I almost tripped backwards as I saw her bare shoulders.
"The assimilation! Grandpa told me that it work better if you help me through bare skin!" Her face was bright red as I realized she had her breasts covered in some gauze.
Ah right... the assimilation…
Wait, what?
Freaking Gramps, what are you making your granddaughter do?!
"Gramps told you that? Y-You don't need to take off your clothes for the assimilation, stupid! He was messing with you!" I covered my eyes with my hand.
Calm down, Arthur. She's just a 13-year-old. Looking at her like this is a crime!
"S-Shut up! How was I supposed to—UGH…" Tess fell to her knees before she was able to lift her robe again.
I ran as fast as my injured body would let me as I put Dawn's Ballad back into my dimension ring. Kneeling down next to her, I placed my palm on her warm, pale back. Her robe was down, revealing everything from the waist up with the exception of her breasts and a portion of her back, which were covered by the gauze. As I felt her body tremble in pain, I couldn't help but notice how frail she looked. I guess it was because I knew how strong of a mage she was; I'd forgotten that she was still just a young girl—physically, at least.
Taking off the seal on my wrist, I willed mana into my childhood friend. Using all four elements, I controlled the mana to spread throughout her body, counteracting the mana coming from the Elderwood Guardian's beast will. What Gramps did while I was assimilating was just easing my pain, but by using a balanced mixture of mana from all four elements, I was able to essentially help her body fight against the beast will.
I never tested this but it was based on the same principles I used to help awaken Lilia and my sister.
Her ragged breathing soon calmed down, her trembling gone as she began panting from the relief. As I gently lifted her robe over her frail body, I walked over to the pond and splashed my face with its cold water.
I needed to calm myself down.
After a few moments, I felt my heartbeat slowing down but reacted again when I heard Tess making her way to me, Sylvie trotting behind her.
Sitting down on her legs next to me, she stared at me, her flushed, tired face still sparkling, as if she wanted to say something. After a moment of hesitation, she spoke to me in a firm voice.
"Art, can we talk?"


Chapter 61: Romantic Idiot

"Art, can we talk?" As she resolved herself, the slight trembling in her voice disappeared.
"Sure. It seems that there's a third party at work here trying to make us talk anyways." I sat back, leaning on my arms, my face dripping with the fresh water.
"About the k-kiss—are you mad?" Tess's face was bright red, revealing how nervous she felt compared to her terse expression.
"I'm not mad. I was surprised, but I'm not mad." I would've be lying if I said I hadn't noticed Tess showing feelings for me since all the way back when I lived with her in Elenoir.
There was brief silence where I could tell Tess was waiting for me to say something, except I didn't know what to say at this moment.
If it was as simple as choosing between liking or disliking Tess, of course it leaned heavily toward the former, but this situation wasn't as black and white as that. While I knew it wasn't unnatural for children, especially of royalty, to get married at the age of thirteen or fourteen, there was another factor that came into play here: I could only see this girl in front of me as a child.
I held back the urge to let out a deep breath.
I began to question the use of being so experienced in fighting and politics when I didn't even know where to start when it came to something as basic as love—or whatever this was.
"Arthur, what are you thinking about?" She leaned closer as her brows furrowed more deeply. The intensity in which she was staring at me made me uncomfortable but this issue wasn't something I could keep pushing aside.
"Tess, we've known each other since we were four. The first time I saw you, you were getting kidnapped after you had a fight with your parents. The first thing you did when I saved you was cry your heart out. After we made our way back to your kingdom, I was fortunate enough to be able to stay in your castle, where your grandpa and eventually even your parents warmed up to me. Even now, your family and mine get along to the point of it being weird…" I took a deep breath before I tried to continue.
"I don't understand what you're trying to say." Tess had an impatient look on her face.
"Tess, we're still so young. I mean, I'm only twelve and you've barely turned thirteen as well! I know that it's not weird for a girl your age to get married since you're royalty, but I mean, I don't have that background." I realized I was stuttering a bit.
"Art. I know you well enough and right now, you're just making excuses. You and I both know that what I meant wasn't to get married right away. I-I just want things to progress. Even back in Elenoir, you just treated me like I was a kid! It's been almost eight years since then, Art… I have a lot to learn but I don't consider myself such a child anymore." Her stern gaze turned soft as she desperately tried to reason with me.
"It's because I've known you since we were both children that it's harder for me to see you as anything more, at least right now, Tess. It hasn't even been that long since we met after such long time as well." I could feel my argument coming out more and more as petty excuses but I stood my ground.
Tess's bangs covered her face as her head turned to the ground. She suddenly sprung to her feet, her face red and tense, as if on the verge of tears.
"So, you're telling me that all this time, you haven't once thought of me as anything more than a childhood friend?" she asked through pursed lips.
I averted my gaze, unable to keep staring at her.
I didn't know how to respond. Of course there were times when I had to ask myself if I was supposed to reciprocate the feelings Tess had of me back then, but my conscience firmly stopped me. While I had spent twelve years in this body, acting—for the most part—my age, I still had memories of the near-forty years I had spent in my previous life. With memories of the children at the orphanage I had grown up in calling me 'Uncle' whenever I visited, I couldn't help but picture Tess as one of those kids.
"I see," she whispered, taking my silence as the answer. Tess whipped around and stomped off towards the door of the training facility.
As she opened the door, she said without turning around, "You know, Arthur. You're so confident in so many things. Magic, fighting, using your brain. You're so confident in everything you do because you're good at them. But, you know what? There are things you're not good at. You're not good at confronting your feelings. You always put on a mask and pretend you're happy or apathetic when you can't handle a certain situation. I think in that sense, you're a lot less mature than even the so-called 'children' you see in this academy. You're just using your confidence in your strengths to mask the insecurities you have in things you know you're not good at!"
As the door closed behind her, I was left with an eerie silence that not even the sound of the waterfall could cover.
'Papa's a dummy…' Sylvie curled up a couple of meters away, turning away from me.
I sat in front of the pond, stunned by her last words. I had to admit that in some ways, maybe Tess was more mature than I was. Even in my past life, aside from being a great fighter, I wasn't that impressive of a man. I had the charisma and character to appeal to the masses but when it came to interpersonal relationships, I considered myself mediocre on a good day. I grew up avoiding long lasting relationships, seeing them as nothing more than a burden that would eventually be used against me. In order to be the best, I had to have no weaknesses, and having a lover would've eventually led to my demise.
I'd come to realize this even more since coming into this world. Having family that I would happily die for reminded me of how truly weak I was. If someone were to kidnap any one of my family members, no matter how strong I personally was, I would be at their beck and call.
The thought of having a lover, someone I could call my other half, was a wonderful thing, but it was also something that truly scared me.
After clipping back the bracelet that sealed my fire and water elemental attributes, I made my way back to the surface and headed towards my next class. How was I supposed to face Tess in my Team Fighting Mechanics class? Even Sylvie was pouting on top of my head because I'd made Tess angry.
_________________________________________
"Good to have you back, Art." Claire ran to me, giving me a firm slap on the back.
"Are you feeling a bit better?" Curtis also caught up to us, Grawder following behind him.
"I'll probably have to sit out for a few more classes, but I'm okay," I replied, giving him a weak smile as we arrived at the field.
"Good to see you walking, Mr. Leywin!" Professor Glory beamed as she spotted the three of us arrive but when she was about to walk over to us, a rather malicious intent radiated from beside her.
Lucas had a harsh look on his face as he took big, confident strides towards us.
I matched my gaze to his, neither of us looking away as he approached me. Gripping my shirt up by the collar, he pulled me close to his face.
"I think we need a rematch." His effeminate face was a sight to behold as he scowled, my nose only a few inches away from his.
Gripping his wrist, I replied, my face stone cold and eyes deadlocked to his. "This is a pretty rude way to ask for something." I gripped hard enough to make his hand lose strength, but I didn't stop there. I surged a blast of mana at the boy, making his knees give out.
Grimacing in pain, Lucas mumbled inaudibly and soon had orange flames conjured in his free palm, ready to fire at me.
"That's enough!" Professor Glory roared as she shoved her sheathed sword between us.
"Arthur, go rest in the viewing platform. You're not to take part in any activities in this class until you're fully healed—Director Goodsky's orders. As for you, Lucas, you need to calm down. Whether you want to settle your petty grudge with a fight or with a hug, do it after Arthur is fully healed. Now is not the time." She let out a sigh as she nudged me towards the viewing platform. After walking for half a day, I didn't need my sword to lean on but I couldn't walk at a normal pace either.
Heading back, my eyes unconsciously searched for Tess but she was nowhere to be found. "Professor Glory, where's Princess Tessia?"
"She stopped by not too long before you came saying she wasn't feeling well. She said she would make up class somehow but she seemed off so Clive took her back to her dorm. Why? Do you know anything?" Professor Glory asked.
I lied, shaking my head.
"You can get up to the viewing platform without starting another fight, right? Just rest up for a couple more days." She placed a gentle hand on my shoulder before running back off towards the rest of the class.
I watched the class split up into different teams and get in various formations for different circumstances. In scenarios like sieging, conjurers played a crucial role so augmenters got into a much more defensive position, focusing solely on protecting the long-range caster. In scenarios where guerilla fights were necessary, only one or two augmenters remained close to the conjurer as the rest went off on their own.
The class was only a week in so it was very basic but it was obvious that Professor Glory knew what she was doing. The class grasped the lessons well while even having fun. It was a nice sight to see but my mind strayed off to earlier today. I didn't regret the things I said, but I had to question whether I had actually said it well.
My next class was the class I was actually looking forward to the most: Deviant Magic Theory. Unfortunately, our professor, Professor Drywell, placed utmost importance on covering the basics first, so even after a week had passed, she was barely covering the foundation of Deviant Magic.
"Whenever deviant magic is involved, there is a much bigger stress on the price of your magic. Why do you think that is? It's because deviant magic, like its name, is deviant from the natural elemental mana pool that is evident in our world. The mana that surrounds us is made up of only fire, wind, earth and water mana. Deviant magic that comes from the higher form of these four elements have a much greater cost, as I would like to say, compared to the four original elements because there is no such thing as lightning, plant, gravity, metal, magma, sound, or ice mana surrounding us in the atmosphere. In order to produce these phenomena in our spells, the mage must be able to directly alter their parent element and manipulate it into its deviant form." Professor Drywell chattered on. She was a very aged lady and although she had the image of a nice quiet grandmother, she never stopped talking.
"Professor! But gravity, lightning, metal, magma, sound, and ice all exist naturally in our world as well. Why doesn't our world produce these types of mana then?" an older girl asked.
"Good question, young one! Honestly, no one knows for sure why that is! Many mana theorists believe that because a certain set of conditions must be met for those deviant elements to occur, mana directly correlated to them does not exist. Then there are always exceptions such as fire, where it certainly does not just spontaneously manifest without cause. Perhaps that is why most mages believe fire to be the highest form of normal magic, because it is so close to being deviant magic itself," Professor Drywell explained as she paced around the lecture hall.
"Deviant magic that strays even further from the four main elemental mana in our world comes at even a greater cost. All of you know what emitters are. They are healers, essentially. The mana that they utilize does not fall under the category of water, earth, fire, or wind. Instead, I would dare say that there exists a holy element, or light element, to be more accurate. Emitters gain little benefit from absorbing mana from the atmosphere because there is no light elemental mana within our world. Instead, they work to condense and purify the mana that forms in their mana core so that even when less mana is used, there is still a substantial effect in their spells." I could tell Professor Drywell was running out of steam because her voice was getting breathier.
After she finished the day's lesson, we had a short Q&A session but no one really had any questions to ask out of fear that class would never finish. Eventually, Professor Drywell released us and I trudged on to my last class, Spell Formations I.
Most of the students in this class were conjurers but some of the smarter augmenters knew that they could gain benefits to their skills by taking this class. Our teacher, Professor Mayner, was a scholarly-looking man with a monocle and his hair parted down the middle. His mustache was well-trimmed and over his suit, he wore a white gown.
"Welcome, students. I was notified by Director Goodsky that a student named Arthur Leywin will begin joining us for class, am I correct?" He looked around, his monocle catching the glare from the light in the classroom.
"Yes, I'm Arthur Leywin, please guide me well." I gave a small bow as he nodded in approval.
"Very well! You did not miss anything too important, Mr. Leywin. We were going over the different types of spell formations, from individual spell incantations to group spell formations. Care to tell us what you know about spell formations?" He adjusted his monocle as he approached me, his back straight.
"To my knowledge, spell formations are the conjoining and/or altering of basic spells and skills in order to produce a different phenomenon, whether that be to the user himself, or the specific point in space the spell was invoked," I answered.
"A most solid answer indeed, Mr. Leywin. Very good." He clapped his hands once before he went back to the front of the class where he began the lesson.
"I would first like you all to imagine a scenario. Imagine a world where everyone could read everyone's mind. The fleeting thoughts that can make even the purest man seem perverse or the nicest woman seem cruel are all laid out in the open for others to read. I believe that that world would house the best mages ever known." The class waited, confused, for the professor to make his point but he moved on.
"I'll come back to this later, but for now: why do conjurers and even augmenters chant spells? It is not the words that invoke the spell or technique. Instead, the words influence the caster's consciousness, filling his mind with the correct 'suggestion', if you will, that molds the mana into the desired spell." The sound of everyone furiously scribbling in their notebooks filled the room.
Professor Mayner was a great speaker and he kept the class engaged with the material he was teaching.
"To give a rather humorous example; if I were to say to a girl that liked me, 'I have always loved you,' you can bet that there will be some sort of reaction from the girl I say this to. The 'incantation,' which was 'I have always loved you,' triggers the response, or the 'spell,' from her, whether that is blushing, crying, a smile, etc." The class roared with laughter at the metaphor, but I couldn't help but wince.
"All in all, if the caster can control his consciousness to mold the mana into his desired spell, then incantations can be greatly shortened or they might not even need them at all. The reason augmenters don't need to focus so much on chanting is because the spells they use almost always directly involves them using their own body. Conjurers, on the other hand, have to cast much more precise and complicated spells, which require these incantations so that their spells don't become totally different with a switch of a thought. That is why I said that if there was a world where everyone could read each other's minds, that world would also have the greatest of magicians. Why? Because they would have absolute control over their thoughts."
The class went on and while the professor was a great lecturer, I wasn't able to focus as my mind kept shifting back to Tess and her piercing words as she left.
Hiding my insecurities with my confidence…
Was that what I was doing? Was I using the fact that I was a lot better at magic than everyone else as an excuse to avoid confronting what I was actually bad at?
Perhaps I was being a hypocrite. I was going on about how I couldn't see Tess as anything more than a child but I was actually the one that needed to grow up, at least in a certain sense. Getting stronger in my strengths didn't exactly fill in my weak points, it just made them that much more apparent in comparison.
Tess was young. She was also innocent, but that didn't mean she was ignorant. Maybe I was the ignorant one.
"Class is over! Have a great night, students. I shall see you all tomorrow!"
Even as I was walking back to my dorm, my mind was all over the place, almost tripping over myself various times.
Damn it.
I changed directions to where the student council dorms were. Running as fast as my body would let me, I arrived at the building that was much fancier than my dorm hall.
I'm here. How do I meet Tess? It's not like I can just shout out and call for her…
'Papa, Mama is over there.' Sylvie pointed east with her paw and without questioning, I ran in that direction.
"I'm telling you, I'm okay! Please, just let this go, Clive." I heard Tess's voice in the courtyard near the fountain.
"No! How dare that brat make you cry. I knew he would only cause trouble! His poor upbringing is definitely the cause. I can't imagine why Director Goodsky even allowed that peasant in this prestigious academy, and as a disciplinary committee member, no less!" I could vaguely make out Clive's thin frame as he held Tess by her wrist.
Clive noticed me approaching and his face contorted into a scowl. "What the hell do you think you're doing here? You dare try and meet Princess Tessia after you've made her this unwell? If it were up to me, I'd kill you right now!"
Ignoring the thin, stern-looking vice president, I looked at Tess, who turned away. "Tess, can I have some of your time?"
"You're ignoring me?!" Clive roared as he grabbed my shoulder.
As if a fly was constantly buzzing around my ear, I lost my patience. "Piss off," I growled, bombarding him with mana the same way I had done with Lucas.
Releasing a bit too much, Clive was pushed back, stopping only after tumbling into a nearby tree.
"Y-You! Wh-What…" Too flustered, Clive was unable to produce anything more coherent as my gaze never left him.
"Stop. It's not worth causing a scene over." Tess got in between Clive and I and took my hand, leading me out of the courtyard.
As I tried to keep up with her quick steps, I nearly tripped, my injured body still unable to do anything more than walk.
"H-Hold on Tess, we're going too fast. I'm still hurt." I managed to say in between breaths.
"Oh, I'm so sorry." Tess glanced back, her stern expression softening for just a second before hardening again.
We were in an alley between the director's office and the student council's dorm when we stopped. After Tess let go of my hand, she took a step back and waited for me to catch my breath.
"Well? What do you want?" Tess asked, her gaze fierce.
"…"
"Tess. There were a lot of truths in what you said to me earlier. To a certain extent, I think I did know how you felt about me but I was always afraid to face it. Magic and fighting are so much simpler. The more you train, the better you get, and the better outcome you see. Emotions like this don't work that way, especially for me." I looked at Tess but her expression didn't change.
"Maybe you think I was making excuses when I said we were too young, but that's really how I feel. Maybe you think you're ready and maybe you are, but I know I'm not. I understand that we're close in age but everyone matures at a different pace." My mind worked furiously, trying to come up with the right words to say without telling Tess that I didn't feel right going out with her when I had a mental age over thirty. "I care about you and I missed you when I came back home—I should've said this earlier and I'm sorry I didn't, but I hope you don't hate me for this."
"You're beating around the bush," Tess responded, her expression softening.
"I can't have a relationship with you right now," I said firmly.
Tess raised a brow. "Right now?"
"Maybe when we're older?" I said, making my statement sound more like a question.
My childhood friend clicked her tongue, crossing her arms. "You say that like I'm obviously going to wait for you. Anyway, I bet you're just saying that to make time to find some other girl."
My mind immediately pictured a thirteen-year-old me locking arms with a woman the same age as my mother and I immediately shook my head.
"I won't be dating anyone anytime soon," I reassured.
"How do you know? How am I supposed to trust that you're not going to go and fall for someone else even if I do wait for you? I'm not sure you've noticed but I can be really selfish. If you say all of this now and then go out and frolic with some other girl…" Tess's voice trailed off as she began to tremble. "I'd rather you just say you don't see me as anything other than a friend then—"
For one second, I shut off my conscience and managed a light peck on her lips. I suppressed the inner voice that screamed in disapproval and backed away from Tess, my face burning, truly feeling like a twelve-year-old boy in this moment.
"I hope this will buy me some time because that's about the limit of what I can do," I said as I quickly wiped my mouth with my sleeve, unable to look Tess in the eye.
There was no sound so I took a peek up only to see Tess in a daze, her eyes glossed over as her middle and index fingers touched her lips.
"Tess?" I whispered.
My childhood friend blinked and quickly removed her fingers from her lips. "Fine. But you better watch out, though—I'm pretty popular! If you make me wait too long, someone else is going to take me!"
"Deal." I smiled in relief from finally sorting things out with Tess when she suddenly went up on her toes and kissed me on the cheek.
I immediately retracted, surprised. "Tess, I thought I said—"
"Don't worry, stupid. That was just a thank you for saving me in class last week." She stuck out her tongue before turning around and running off into her dorm.
Sylvie, who had witnessed everything from atop my head, snickered.
Zip it, Sylv. Letting out a deep breath, I walked back to my dorm. I wondered if my childhood friend was willing to wait a few years… or even a decade, but I chose not to think about it any longer.
Tomorrow's problems will be solved by tomorrow's me.


Chapter 62: My Team

TESSIA ERALITH'S POV:
Arriving at my room, I jumped into bed, my hands covering my burning face.
I couldn't help but let out soft shrieks of delight as I rolled back and forth across my sheets.
"Hehehehehe…" Oh no. I was laughing like a pervert.
But…but Art finally kissed me. He kissed me!
"Heehee…" Not being able to calm down, I wrapped myself in my blanket as I rolled around. The image of him leaning forward to kiss me filled my head, forcing my lips to curve up. It felt different from when I'd kissed him. I couldn't quite explain it but it was definitely a better feeling.
"I could get used to this…" I accidentally muttered aloud as I softly rubbed my lips. I rolled across my bed again in embarrassment as I recalled the event again.
I began to imagine what our marriage would be like. I wanted it to be super pretty. I wondered how our kids would look? Arthur was good-looking and I wasn't ugly either. It should be fine, right? But in order to get kids, we needed to…
I could almost feel steam coming out my ears as I imagined it. I mean, I learned about how babies were born from my home tutor but…
Nonononono it's too early! And besides… Arthur wanted me to give him some time. I wondered what he meant by that? Did he mean we were going to act like tonight never happened?
I didn't want that!
But was I allowed to get mad at him for that? Was I being too hard on him? I knew he had my best interest at heart but I couldn't be so wishy-washy about this, right?
What if another girl really did end up liking him too and he chose her? I was just a violent, spoiled girl after all; why would he choose me?
The more I thought about it, the more disheartened I became. It's, okay Tess. We're both still really young. Even if it does take time, I'm sure it'll work out eventually, right?
Gah! Stop discouraging yourself and let's just sleep, Tess!
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
I'd been getting used to having Sylvie wake me up. Usually a loud mental shout was enough to wake me up but today, I was woken up by a sharp bite on my nose.
"Kyu!"
I groaned as I woke up, rubbing my throbbing nose as Sylvie went back to sleep after doing her job. Sylvie seemed to be a lot more active at night as she took frequent naps throughout the day.
After washing up, I watched Elijah, still breathing loudly in his sleep while I had to wake up this early. We couldn't have that now, could we?
"Good morning!" I slapped my sleeping roommate on his behind.
"Ah! What? Huh?! What's going on?" Apparently, the sudden impact made him panic, because he got into a defensive position with his right hand straight out, ready to fire at his attacker.
"Nothing! Just saying good morning." I shrugged, strapping on the knife to my disciplinary committee uniform.
"Ugh… I have another two hours before class starts. You woke me up just to say good morning?" Elijah groaned as he wrapped himself with his blanket into a makeshift cocoon.
"Yup! I'm off to my first disciplinary committee meeting!" I took one last look to make sure I wasn't forgetting anything when Elijah popped his head out from underneath his blanket.
"Did something good happen? You're a little bit too happy. It's unsettling." Whether it was because he was studying me or just trying to focus his vision on me since he wasn't wearing his glasses, Elijah squinted his slightly puffy eyes.
"You're just imagining things, Elijah," I said with a light chuckle, quickly lacing my boots before heading towards the door.
"Suspicious…" he mumbled before succumbing to his body's demands to go back to sleep.
Making sure no one was around, I jumped off the building and used wind augmentation to cushion my landing. Sylvie just floated down, which looked really silly to me with her oversized ears flopping against the wind.
Landing on top of my head with a soft plop, I took some time to test my body out with some stretches. I couldn't say I was in great condition, but the improvement since yesterday made me nod in satisfaction. It was times like these that I really felt the effects of going through the assimilation of Sylvia's dragon will.
Which reminded me…I'd have to help Tess with her assimilation. How was I supposed to act around her anyways? I couldn't believe I kissed her yesterday.
Thinking back, I realized that even in my past life, I'd never gone past the point of kissing and it was always the other party that initiated. I'd never had an interest in falling in love. Rather, I feared love. I even avoided the aspect of unattached sexual relationships because I feared that the start of a physical relationship could lead to emotional attachments. I secluded myself in training aside from public appearances and fights, making sure I didn't have anyone I held in importance, anyone that could be used as a tool against me.
What I'd learned most from this world wasn't the magic or the fighting. No, what I'd realized was that this life has forced me to open up my calloused heart and allow people to hold significance to me. What this also meant was that I had to be stronger than my past self since I had people to protect this time.
Lost in my thoughts, I almost passed by the Disciplinary Committee Room. The DC had access to one of the bigger rooms in the academy so that it could double as a training room as well. I was a bit late since I woke up a little later than expected but it wasn't too loud so I hoped I wasn't the last one there.
As I opened the door, Curtis flew and crashed into the wall next to me with a thud!
"Still too weak!" I saw Theodore Maxwell's disappointed face, his right fist raised.
"Ah, Arthur! You're here!" Claire Bladeheart, who was spectating the duel from the side, waved her hands.
"Ugh… I can't believe I still can't land even a single hit on you, Theodore. Oh, hey Arthur." Curtis turned his head towards me while rubbing his back.
"Do you need help?" I put my hand out while Sylvie wagged her tail but Curtis just shook his head.
"No, I'm okay. Besides, the duel isn't over yet." Curtis grimaced as he got back to his feet and picked up his sword.
Taking a seat next Claire on one of the couches, I watched as the duel between Curtis and Theodore resumed.
"HAH!" Curtis charged forward after augmenting his sword in a blazing fire but just as he was about to get into Theodore's range, Curtis sidestepped instantly, leaving a charred footstep behind before appearing to Theodore's right.
Theodore's reaction was almost immediate as he lifted his brawny right arm at an uncanny speed.
"Fall!" Curtis' assault failed as he crumbled to his knees, his sword landing heavily on the ground in front of Theodore.
Theodore had a smirk on his face but it soon turned serious as he realized Curtis' plan.
"Explode!" Curtis shouted in a strained voice.
The sword that wasn't burning but glowing a dim red shined brighter until flames exploded in all directions.
Claire focused on the smoke, assuming both the sword and Theodore was covered inside, but I tapped her shoulder and gestured for her to look up.
Theodore was in the air with his arms a bit burned and steaming but otherwise unharmed. Using gravity magic on himself, Theodore slowly floated down as he concentrated on his next spell.
Curtis was back to his feet with his sword in hand, already preparing another spell. I noticed Grawder restlessly swinging his tail from the other side of the room.
"All right! I think it's time to stop!" Claire stood up and clapped her hand but it didn't seem like either one of them heard her even speak. She sighed exasperatedly. "Kai, care to help me?" Claire glanced back at the narrow-eyed, smiling man.
"Got it, Boss." Kai's sleeves covered his arms so I didn't know what he had hidden but with a swing of his arms, thin metal strings shot out towards Theodore and Curtis, forming a makeshift metal fence between them.
Even after augmenting my eyes, I couldn't make out any specific elemental attribute in his skill, making me wonder exactly what he could do.
Both Curtis and Theodore stopped their spells and turned their heads towards Kai in confusion.
"Boss' orders. Let's stop the duel now, shall we gentlemen?" Kai's smiling face remained unchanged as he retracted the numerous strings back into his sleeves.
"What did Kai do just there?" I asked Claire who was shaking her head at Curtis and Theodore.
"No one really knows. He keeps it a secret and from what I can tell, there isn't any specific elemental attribute in his mana whenever he uses his skills," she responded while shrugging.
"Have you taken an interest in me, Arthur?" Kai came behind me, leaning his head forward past my shoulder so his smiling face was right next to mine.
"Hardly. Just a bit curious as to what you just did there. It didn't seem like you were manipulating metal, or using sound to control the metal strings," I responded while pushing his face away from mine.
"So cold. I'd tell you but unfortunately, if I did, I'd have to kill you," he replied nonchalantly, making me lift a brow.
"Oh? Is that a threat?" I challenged.
Noticing that the conversation was taking a turn for the worse, Claire butted in.
"Looks like we're still missing quite a few people! Feyrith, Kathyln and Doradrea still aren't here—ah, there they are!" she said as she pushed the both of us towards the door.
Feyrith was having a little quarrel with Doradrea about something while Kathyln came in behind them. I raised my hand to wave at Kathyln but as soon as our eyes made contact, she immediately turned her head away before walking off in another direction.
"Ah Arthur, my rival! Have you healed? I believe we still need to duel but I think it would be better to hold that off until after I finish working on a spell I've been practicing! It's not because I'm scared to lose to you or anything. Just giving you more time to recover." Feyrith came up beside me, putting his arm on my shoulder as he let out a hearty laugh.
"Now that everyone is here, I'd like you all to come sit down so we can start the meeting." Claire ushered us towards the round table on the second floor.
The room consisted of two levels. The lower level was just a wide area with all sorts of equipment and also an arena for practice matches. To the side next to the equipment, a flight of stairs led to a second floor balcony that overlooked the lower level. The second floor was furnished with a chalkboard, some cabinets, and a big, oval table with exactly eight seats.
Claire sat at the very end of the table with the chalkboard behind her while Kai and Theodore sat to her right and left. I didn't really know if there was an assigned seating arrangement so I remained standing, waiting for everyone else to sit down first. On Kai's side sat Curtis and Feyrith while on Theodore's side sat Doradrea and Kathyln. The only seat available was directly opposite of Claire's seat so I just settled there and waited for the meeting to commence, my drowsiness from being up so early slowly overtaking my body.
I glanced over at Sylvie who hopped off my head and began playing with Grawder until our leader began talking.
"This is the first meeting with everyone present, as well as the first day we will actively start duty," Claire announced in a serious voice.
"Although this is the first year this committee has existed, I've been working with Director Goodsky and our student council president on how we should efficiently structure and run the disciplinary committee in order to create an environment that will not tolerate bullying, dissented duels, as well as intruders. For that, we decided to split the disciplinary committee into two teams. These two teams are separated by underclassmen and upperclassmen. The upperclassmen—Theodore, Curtis, Kai and myself—will split into pairs and watch over the campus in the morning since we don't have classes. The underclassmen—Kathyln, Feyrith, Doradrea and Arthur—will also split into two teams and go around campus in the afternoon while the upperclassmen have classes." Claire began writing all of our names on the board, divided into the teams she had already decided on.
Before I had the chance to raise my hand, Claire already knew what I was about to say and interjected.
"Since Arthur is taking both upper division and lower division classes, he will be waived from that duty. However, he is to be on standby at all times in case backup is needed. Also, I've gotten permission from Director Goodsky to allow you to be 10 minutes late to classes, so just take your time between classes and be on the lookout for any trouble." She smiled in satisfaction as I put my arm back down.
"That being said, I've already discussed the matter of who will be scouting the campus alone between the underclassmen and Kathyln has volunteered to take on this task. Kathyln, remember that even though the upperclassmen are in class, we will still help you. You are a part of the disciplinary committee so if you're caught in a situation where you're not confident in being able to handle it yourself, call for help." She turned her gaze to Kathyln while saying this. The princess simply nodded while Curtis wore a slight look of concern on his face.
Feyrith raised his hand. "How are we going to communicate with each other?" Feyrith raised his hand
"We haven't told you guys yet but if you imagine any of the members in the disciplinary committee while placing your hand on the insignia on the sheath of your knife, the recipient's knife will emit a bright light and a soft shock, notifying them who is in trouble. Each of the members' knives has a distinct color so remember them well." While Claire announced this, she began writing the different colors our DC knives would glow.
Claire - Pink
Kai - Silver
Theodore - Yellow
Feyrith - Green
Doradrea - Dark Red
Curtis - Red
Kathyln - Blue
Arthur - Black
I wondered how a black light would look. Everyone else's colors were pretty self-explanatory and corresponded with their elements for the most part. It seemed like Feyrith got the green color because he was an elf.
"The last matter of business is surveillance at night. I know that this might be a bit too much for one person so we'll be taking turns in pairs with this task." Our leader looked around in case there were any disagreements.
"Can I volunteer to take over my sister's shift as well? Call me overprotective but I'm not comfortable knowing Kathyln might be in danger while I'm fast asleep." Curtis spoke up while scratching his head but looked at me specifically.
"Are you sure you can handle that, Curtis? It's going to be tough doing two people's shifts at night," Claire asked.
I looked over at Kathyln, noticing that she wanted to interject but she kept her thoughts to herself.
"Kathyln is my partner for night duties, right? I can do it by myself," I spoke up, knowing the real reason Curtis wanted to take over his shift. I could sort of understand from his perspective, being an older brother myself.
"You don't have to…" Kathyln spoke as she stood up but I could tell she was conflicted and couldn't find the words to say after.
"Hmm… well, since Kathyln is scouting by herself during the afternoon, I think this would be fair. Okay, I'll allow it, but Arthur, Kathyln, I can already tell you two are the type to try and handle things on your own. However, I'm ordering you both as the leader to call for help immediately as soon as you think you need it." She leaned forward on the table, stating her conditions in a firm voice.
"Got it," I promised as Kathyln nodded.
"Okay, since all of the technical matters are settled, you guys are free to leave or stay here and practice until classes start. The room will always be open for DC members so think of this as a second house! I've already camped here for a couple of nights, haha!" Claire scratched the back of her head in embarrassment.
I let out a deep breath in relief. Looks like I could have a little less than an hour of sleep before my first class started. There were a couple of couches that looked perfect for a power nap on the lower floor.
Curtis gave me a meaningful pat on my back before he headed down but as I followed behind him, I felt a tugging on the waist of my pants from behind.
"Let's spar for a bit, pretty boy! I've sparred with everyone else here but you." Doradrea shot me an excited grin as she dragged me from behind onto the designated sparring arena.
"I'm still not fully healed, Doradrea. I don't think this is the best idea," I groaned as I was dragged helplessly.
"Stop being a baby! The best way to get rid of that soreness is to move around, don't you know?" She let me go and walked over to the other side of the arena.
Claire walked towards us, giving me an apologetic look. She was about to stop the spar when Theodore walked past her and approached Doradrea as she was stretching.
"Move it," he growled.
"Aww… no fair." Doradrea grumbled as she slumped her shoulders, disappointed.
Great. A muscular male replaces my muscular female opponent.
Claire just sighed in defeat. "All right but Arthur is injured so this will only go on for a minute. Let me activate the barrier this time so we don't have any more cracked walls."
Sylvie, who was riding on top of Grawder, asked if I'd be okay so I just nodded in response.
I may be injured but I was excited since I'd wanted to duel against Theodore as well. I figured fighting against deviants might help me learn a thing or two from them.
"Anything you want to say before we start?" Theodore asked while he cracked his neck.
"Sure. Can I call you Theo if I win? It's only fair for me to give you a nickname since you already gave me one, right?" I shot him a smirk while I stretched my still aching body.
I could literally see veins popping on his head, as everyone's face twisted into a horrified expression.
"You sure are full of yourself, twerp. Fine, but if I win, you're going to be my little minion for the rest of your school life." He had a confident smile on his face as the rest of the DC members all got situated around the arena.
"Remember, this duel will last one minute or until someone lands the first hit. That's final!" Claire barked as she unsheathed her sword and stabbed it in the ground.
The both of us nodded in consent before Claire signaled for the duel to begin.
Theodore immediately took off, charging at me like a frenzied bull. I augmented my body using wind attribute mana to skirt around the arena, keeping my distance. Theodore's gravity magic wasn't something to take lightly since his powers had simultaneous offensive and defensive powers.
While it usually took a bit longer to use earth magic while using wind magic, I was able to muster up shards of earth the size of my leg in time to kick them at Theodore. I shot out the shards of earth at different lengths to gauge how far he was able to use his gravity manipulation.
Theodore didn't really get what I was doing as he kept charging at me, growing more and more frustrated from me running away and kicking rocks at him.
"Do you think I'll let you keep running around?" he roared as the rocks that I kicked towards him all started floating.
Theodore thrust himself toward me during the short span that he decreased the gravity around him, increasing his speed tremendously.
Holding in a smile, I put my plan into play. Manipulating the earth around me one last time, I launched a boulder the size of my body as I jumped away from my opponent.
With the area of decreased gravity surrounding him, Theodore was able to easily smack the boulder over him, but during the brief moment where his vision was blocked by the rock, I dashed toward him.
Enveloping wind to condense below my feet, I shot toward him at a speed that caught Theodore by surprise.
[Draft Step]
Using the technique that I had thought up by drawing inspiration from the flicker step technique, I accelerated toward him with the help of the strong gale behind me.
Theodore's initial expression of surprise turned into a cocky grin as he clenched his fist.
"Fall," he snarled. The sudden change in gravity knocked the wind out of me as I had to fight to keep my body from slamming into the ground.
With a victorious grin on his wild, unshaven face, he took one last step to get in range for the final blow when I shot him a smirk and pointed upwards with my finger in response.
The boulder that Theodore knocked up fell directly on top of him from the abrupt change in gravity. The weight of the rock from the increased gravity flattened Theodore flat on his stomach in an almost comical position.
"STOP!"
Claire got in between the two of us as she made sure Theodore, who already regained consciousness, was okay. By that time, Theodore had already shoved the rock off of him as he silently dusted his uniform. He would probably get a nasty bruise on his back but his mana-enhanced body allowed him to avoid any serious injury—the rock wasn't too big after all.
"Good duel, Theo." I walked up to him and patted my opponent on the shoulder before bouncing out of the room with Sylvie trotting behind me.
Let's go find a bench to take a nap on, I sent to Sylvie.


Chapter 63: Baby Steps

"Did you guys do your homework?" I sat down on top of the podium so I could get a better view of the class while I fixed my hair.
I'd slept through most of my Fundamentals of Mana Manipulation class so I felt a lot better. Looking around from the center of the stage, I saw my students glance desperately at each other in hopes that one of them had the answers to the questions I asked them yesterday.
"Looks like there's no choice but for me to answer the question," Feyrith finally sighed before standing up.
"The mana core is an excellent way to easily and accurately measure the level of the mage's power because it is correlated with how much effort and time that mage has spent on condensing and refining mana from their surroundings into their core." He finished off with a swish of his hair while sitting down.
"No." I hopped off the stage and walked toward the shocked Feyrith.
"It certainly is an easy way to gauge the mage's power but it's far from accurate. Princess Kathyln, if you see an ordinary fighter that stood at two meters and weighed almost three hundred pounds full of muscle, what is your assessment on that fighter?" I turned my gaze toward the princess that was sitting next to the embarrassed elf.
"I can expect the fighter to have robust strength," she finally said after pondering the simple question.
"Correct! All we can tell is that the oaf is probably freakishly strong. Does that say anything else about his combat ability? Yes, he's strong, but in order to be a great combatant, there are other factors such as agility, technique, mental fortitude, experience, etc. The stage a mage's mana core is only determines how much 'muscle' he or she has, but it doesn't explain much else in regards to the other factors. Refining your mana core to higher stages is still important, of course, but if that's the only factor you use in gauging your opponent's level, you're setting yourself up for defeat." I saw some students start jotting down notes so I caught my breath.
The pretentious student with glasses raised her hand after she finished writing down her notes. "Question!" she declared.
"Yes, Miss Myrtle?" I found it amusing how much her name suited her character.
"If trying to sense the opponent's mana core isn't an accurate way of gauging his or her level, what do we do?" she asked with an expression that made it seem as if she was testing me.
"You don't. Just assume that the opponent is stronger than you. Gauging the mana core stage of anyone should just be used to satiate your curiosity but nothing beyond that. Even if sensing the mana core level could accurately gauge the fighting strength of your opponent, what are you going to do if your opponent's fighting strength is lower than yours? Go easy on him? Pick on him because you know you'll win? What do you do if his fighting strength is higher than yours? Run away? Chances are, if you're in a situation where both of you are actively sensing each other's mana core, then running away won't be an option." I paused for a minute.
"Being overconfident because you found out that your mana core is higher than your opponent's can make you careless and getting scared if your opponent's mana core is higher than yours can make you feel hopeless. Bottom line is, life isn't so simple that you can accurately know whether or not you can beat someone based on the color of their mana core. There are cases of fighters beating careless mages because the mages got sloppy from being too arrogant. Always assume the opponent is stronger than you and try your best. If that opponent is weaker than you, then you put an end to the fight quickly to save him the humiliation. If that opponent is stronger, congratulations, you've overcome the mental limit you guys have been holding onto all your lives." I felt like some inspirational speaker rather than a lecturer.
I walked back to the podium where Sylvie was now taking a nap and continued speaking.
"Now, for the next piece of homework. Any of you figure out what I did last class with the two wind spells?" I asked, leaning back against the podium.
A hollow silence filled the room.
I let out a sigh. I guess being spoon-fed answers all their lives really took a toll on their critical thinking skills.
"I'll do a little demonstration for the augmenters' answer first." Rolling Sylvie to the side, I took out two pieces of paper from underneath her. I crumpled one of the papers into a small ball and showed it to the class.
"Watch." I put the ball on my right palm and inhaled deeply, building the suspense.
"Fwoo." Utilizing all of the air in my lungs, I managed to blow the crumpled ball of paper about a meter away from me.
The students stared at me with blank faces from the anticlimactic outcome.
Holding my fingers up to silence any students about to argue what the point of that was, I rolled the other paper I had into a makeshift tube. Packing the ball tightly into the back end of the tube, I inhaled deeply one more time.
Letting out another deep breath, the crumpled ball of paper shot out more than fifteen feet in front of me before bouncing on the ground.
The faces of some of the students lit up in understanding while others voiced their surprise. I couldn't help but grin as the students all brightened up and took notes. Princess Kathyln furiously scribbled in her notebook while Feyrith stared blankly at the ball of paper on the ground.
"Since many of you seemed to understand what I just did, can someone please enlighten the rest of the class?" I asked as I picked up the pieces of paper I had littered.
"It has to do with concentrating mana into a small point, then compressing it and shooting it out, right Professor?" A timid girl with a huge spear next to her responded in a hushed tone.
"Correct! Augmenters are raised to utilize the plethora of mana channels they have so we unconsciously use a lot of our mana channels for many of our spells, diluting it. It doesn't matter so much when you use it on your body but the spell is weakened greatly when attempting to cast a long-range spell." I demonstrated by widening the paper tube I rolled up. Blowing through one end, the ball I put inside loosely just dropped down in front of me.
"It'll be hard to get used to at first but being able to better control your mana channels will help you greatly. Now, the Conjurers' turn." I picked up the crumpled piece of paper I shot out again.
"Since conjurers naturally have much fewer mana channels compared to mana veins, they naturally shoot their spells in a compressed form, whether it's out of their body directly, or by affecting an area to have the mana alter it into the form of their desired spell. What conjurers need to do is utilize the raw amount of mana they can absorb to compensate for their lack of mana channels. Close your eyes and try to imagine this." The students looked at one another, confused, but they lowered their gaze nonetheless, waiting for my next instructions.
"Imagine both conjurers' and augmenters' bodies to be pools of water. We'll say that leaves are particles of mana. For an augmenter's body, picture small bundles of leaves being dropped in various locations over the pool. While these bundles may be small, because there are so many, they begin to spread and join the other leaves that spread from other directions until the surface of the water is covered in leaves. That is the essence of body enhancement. Now, for conjurers, imagine just one gigantic ball of leaves drop into the pool of water. Because it comes from a single location, it may take longer for it to spread, but in the end, the leaves will still be able to cover the surface of the pool. That is how body enhancement should work for conjurers." The class remained silent as they opened their eyes and pondered over what I had just said.
"The reason why all of you conjurers injured yourselves while trying to absorb the spell you conjured is because you didn't use the mana from your core. The only mana that you're completely immune to is the mana refined in your mana core. Even that, after your mana influences the environment into a spell, can hurt you. Therefore, conjurers will need to utilize both mana from the atmosphere and mana from their mana core for a spell and integrate it into their body, or drop the big pile of leaves to make it spread over the pool of water." As I finished explaining, I motioned for the class to come down onto the stage and start practicing. For the rest of the class, I went around helping them while giving them little tips on how to better visualize what they needed to do.
After the giant bell rang, Sylvie stirred awake and hopped on top of my head as I dismissed class. I was surprised when I overheard some students grumbling to their peers that the class was too short.
I took the long route to my next class to take up more time while I did a broad surveillance. I messed around with sending very faint pulses of wind to try and use it as a sort of three-dimensional radar but it proved to not be as useful as I thought it would be. Earth Pulse was also of little use since I could only detect the very basics, like how many people were in the area, not if they were actually in combat or not. Even worse, the buildings and trees diluted the accuracy.
I arrived at Gideon's class late but he just motioned for me to hurry on to my seat before he resumed talking.
"Hey. Why are you so late?" Emily whispered to me.
"Disciplinary committee duties. I have to go around school until ten minutes after class starts," I responded, lowering my voice so Gideon wouldn't hear.
"All right! Let's get in pairs and work on our project. The materials are in the back but don't all of you go at once." He took a seat and began reading over something while the class got up to collect the materials needed for the Light-Producing Artifact. I was about to walk over as well when Emily stopped me.
"I already have all of the materials we need for an LPA. Let's just get started." She rummaged through her oversized bag, finding the various necessary components. After laying out all the things we needed, she looked at me and motioned for us to start.
Building the LPA wasn't easy but Emily seemed fairly impressed by how fast I had caught on. Even if she was only a twelve-year-old, her being a genius and all made me a bit happy.
The rest of class was spent tinkering around with some of the various parts of artifacts that Emily had brought with her until Gideon dismissed us. As I was about to leave, he grabbed me by the back of my shirt and pulled me toward him.
"Brat. Let's catch up sometime. We have a lot to talk about." He gave me a devious grin but otherwise just patted me on the back.
"Mhmm. We should grab some tea, Professor." I waved back before leaving the room with Emily.
'Papa, Avier told me to head over to the training room again.' Sylvie thumped my nose with her paw to grab my attention.
Is Avier Director Goodsky's green owl? How can you talk with it? I asked my bond but she didn't really know why either.
"Hey Emily, I have to head over to the library so I'll be skipping lunch. Go ahead without me!" I waved at my friend.
"Do you want me to go with you?" She looked at me but I just shook my head.
"It's fine. Go find Elijah for me! He'll be lonely if I'm not there." I shot her a smile before running off in the direction of the library/training rooms.
"Good afternoon, Mr. Leywin," Chloe greeted me with a professional smile and a bow before motioning me to the back door.
"Nice to see you again, Chloe," I smiled back, following behind her with Sylvie wagging her tail on top of my head.
After passing by the scary man, I made my way downstairs without the help of Chloe this time. Hopefully Elijah won't be too bored hanging out with Emily, right Sylv?
"Kyu~" 'He'll be okay!' my bond reassured me.
Reaching my room, I placed my right palm against the cold, giant doors, and a bright light once again greeted me.
"Boo!" Tessia jumped from the side of the door with her hands out wide.
"Hey, Tess," I responded casually.
"Aww… you weren't scared. No fun," she grumbled while catching Sylvie who had jumped off my head.
"You'll have to try a lot better than that. Come on, let's get started with your assimilation." I pushed her toward the center of the training room. It was amazing how dense the air was with mana in this room compared to outside. Even the very fact that there was grass and a waterfall put me in awe every time I came in.
"How's your body been feeling lately? Are you still getting symptoms of rejection from your Beast Will?" I asked while Tess took a seat near the pond.
"I haven't gotten any since the last time we were here," she responded but turned quiet afterwards.
Tess looked over her shoulder and stared at me, batting her long grey eyelashes. "Hey, Art?"
"Hmm?"
"I'm sorry."
"For what?"
"Well…compared to you, I'm so emotional and so I feel like you get overwhelmed and just end up following my selfishness." Tess' gaze shifted down as she said this.
"Ah, so you do know," I smirked in response, earning me a smack on the arm.
"We've known each other for how long, Tess? At this point, you can trust that you've seen all sides of me, even the ones I don't want to show. Even knowing that, the fact that you accept me and have patience with me, I'm grateful. Don't ever think that what I'm doing is out of obligation." Ruffling the downhearted princess's hair, we began the assimilation.
Tess' mana core had come a long way. At her age, being a solid orange stage conjurer was on the level of a genius. While she wouldn't able to refine her mana core until the assimilation was over, it shouldn't affect her too much. While mine took years, I estimated that with my help, it should only take a couple more weeks for her to completely assimilate with the elderwood guardian's beast will.
"Let's end it here today." I patted Tess' back to signal that we were done.
"Thanks." Tess shot me a shy smile as we both sit in the grass, the only sound coming from the waterfall and Sylvie's soft breathing.
"I-I know you said to give you time but...do you think I can maybe hold your hand right now? Just for a bit? If not, it's okay—I won't be mad." Tess averted her gaze to avoid mine. While her bangs covered her face, she couldn't hide her red ears poking out.
I gently grabbed Tess' right hand with my left and squeezed gently. While our fingers weren't interlocked, the warmth from her hands spread onto mine.
"Is this okay?" I tried to take a peek at Tess' face but she quickly turned her head away. I couldn't help but smile helplessly when she nodded her head in response.
For a couple of seconds, time seemed to go slower as we just sat there, hands locked. It intrigued me that such a seemingly impractical action could fill me with a sense of calm.


Chapter 64: Field Trip

For the past several weeks, nothing noteworthy happened, yet I was kept busy enough to not have time to visit my family. Disciplinary committee duties took up all of my remaining time not designated to school and training.
The class I taught had a harder time than I expected when it came to "divergent training," which was what I decided to call it. The whole aspect of focusing mana into a single point proved to be difficult for all of the augmenters in the class while reabsorbing a conjured spell was an even more arduous task for the conjurers.
So far, out of the augmenters, only a student named Benson managed to do anything remotely close to what I had in mind. As for the conjurers, only Kathyln succeeded in reabsorbing her spell and enhancing her body. Even then, she only succeeded in augmenting her hand. Feyrith was a close second as he was the only other student on the brink of success.
My Deviant Magic Theory class had been moving along quite slowly as our professor explicitly explained that she would cover new material after we finished our mid-semester tests. Since a semester was sixteen weeks long and we'd only gone through four weeks of school, it'd take another four weeks until she'd start going over what I wanted to know.
"Are you excited for the class dungeon excursion this weekend?" Tess leaned in closer as she asked.
The two of us, along with Sylvie, were inside the training room during lunch. I had just finished helping her with assimilation. By my estimation, Tess needed about one or two more weeks to fully assimilate, which worried me because, until then, her magic use would be very limited.
"Hmm? Eh, we're only exploring the first three floors, right? I doubt we'll find anything worth getting excited over." I just shrugged.
This Saturday, we were to have a one-night trip to the outskirts of the Beast Glades with our Team-Fighting Mechanics class. Professor Glory received permission from Director Goodsky on the condition that we were not allowed to go past the third floor of the dungeon we planned on exploring.
The dungeon was a minor one and a popular site for new adventurers since the mana beasts in the upper levels were only E class, so Professor Glory thought it would be a great way to have the class get in some real life team-fighting mechanics practice.
"Pshhh… You're no fun. I bet you're actually really nervous that we'll be in the Beast Glades. I heard about it a lot from Grandpa. He says that it's filled with a lot of mysteries and wonders but also dangers. Grandpa said to never truly trust any source of information about the Beast Glades because it always changes." Tess got lost in her thoughts, fantasizing about how exciting our short trip was going to be.
"We're going to be fighting against real mana beasts! Can you believe it? I mean, I've fought against a couple in Elshire Forest while I was training with Grandpa but I heard mana beasts are different in the Beast Glades. You know, more vicious. We're going to be sleeping in the dungeon too! That's so exciting!" Her eyes began to sparkle as she imagined camping underground, surrounded by mana beasts.
Giving her a soft flick to her forehead, I woke up Tess from her dreamland. "Just remember, you're probably not even at half your strength right now and the assimilation isn't going to be completed in time for the class expedition. Don't get full of yourself."
"Oww… I know, I know! Sheesh, you don't have to baby me so much." She pouted while rubbing her forehead.
"Do you remember when we slept together in the same tent?" My face turned into an evil grin as Tess' face turned red immediately.
"Kyu?" Sylvie tilted her head in curiosity since she hadn't been born when this happened.
"What did you say again? Ahh!" Putting on a frightened face, I look at my blushing childhood friend.
"'A-Arthur? W-Well! You see… beasts will more likely appear if they notice you because they will see that you are a child. Therefore, I propose that for our s-safety, that it would be better for you to c-come inside the tent,'" I said in a high-pitched voice, mocking Tess.
"Uuu! You asked for it!" She jumped on top of me and started poking me hard as I continued laughing.
"Owowowow! Hahaha~ okay! I'm sorry, I give, I give! Tess… hahaha… I'll stop!" Tears formed in my eyes as I continued laughing and crying in pain.
"Kyuu!" 'Me too, I want to play too!' Sylvie hopped around us.
Eventually, she came to a stop as I laid panting on the ground, catching my breath, with Tess sitting on top of me. Looking at my childhood friend, I noticed that her face was still red. Realizing almost immediately what sort of position we were in, I couldn't help but get hot as well, as Tess lowered her head closer to mine.
"Hoho~ I see you two are getting along well. Virion will surely be happy." The voice caught the both of us by surprise and Tess immediately got off me while we distanced ourselves from each other in embarrassment.
Director Goodsky walked up to us with an amused look on her face. How she got in without either of us noticing was beyond me but I couldn't hide the awkwardness in my face as she looked at me.
Saving us some face, Director Goodsky changed the topic. "Fufu~ how is the assimilation going?"
"It-It's going well! Art helped me a lot these past couple of weeks and I feel a lot better! I haven't been feeling any pain from the rejection lately and as long as I don't use magic too much, I think I'll be okay!" The flustered Tess scrambled her words as she flailed her arms to hide her embarrassment.
"She should be fully assimilated with her beast will in about a week or two," I clarified after calming myself.
"Hmmm…" Director Goodsky nodded at me before kneeling down in front of the still red Tess. Gently placing her hand above Tess' stomach, Director Goodsky closed her eyes to sense Tess' mana core.
After a brief moment, she retracted her hand and nodded, satisfied. "Good, good. I'm glad that there were no troubles along the way. I knew I could trust you, Arthur," she said to me before getting back up.
"Where have you been these past couple of weeks though, Director? You were always in contact from what I heard, but I noticed you haven't been inside the academy for a while now. Did you just get back?" I said, tilting my head. My eyes couldn't help focusing on the small cut she had on her other hand.
"Ah, yes. I've been away for some personal reasons. I am back now though, so come to my office if you need anything." Director Goodsky quickly covered her hand and gave me a soft, grandmotherly smile. "I better get going now, though. I have a lot of work to catch up on. Be sure not to overexert yourself, little one. Be especially careful while you are inside the dungeons. One should never underestimate even the lowest level mana beasts." Director Goodsky gently patted Tess' hair before disappearing with a wisp.
"S-So what are your plans after this?" Tessia said, trying to break the awkward silence that the Director had left us.
"After classes, there's an emergency meeting for the disciplinary committee since Curtis, Claire and I are going to be away from campus over the weekend. We'll have to work on some of the details in case an emergency arises while we aren't here. After that, I'll probably go back home for the first time in a while and sleep there. I'll get back to campus by tomorrow morning in time to head out for the excursion. What about you?" I said while leaning back.
"Well, Professor Glory said there won't be any class today since she wanted us to rest before the excursion tomorrow so I'm free until the student council meeting. We have to go over a couple of things on the agenda since both Clive and I won't be there either." Tess responded a lot more calmly now. I had to admit she looked pretty cute, sitting on the ground and playing with Sylvie's paws.
After spending a bit more time talking to Tess, I eventually had to leave to go to my remaining classes. Even though we didn't have our Team-Fighting Mechanics class, my other two classes seemed to drag on forever as we already started reviewing for our mid-semester exams.
"That will be it for today, class. Remember to keep up with your studies instead of procrastinating and cramming for everything the night before. I know you all love doing that," Professor Mayner said sarcastically as he handed out some review sheets on basic spell formations. After my last class was over, I trudged on towards the disciplinary committee room with Sylvie weighing down particularly heavily on my head tonight.
"I trust that you guys will be able to handle keeping the academy in check while the three of us are out. We've been through a couple of the emergency procedures these past two weeks so I'm confident that everything will be fine. As you all know, Kai is in command while I am out. Remember that Director Goodsky is back and on campus so if things go for the worse, don't hesitate to have her help, although, unless it's serious, I doubt there will be a need to. Dismissed!" Claire clapped her hands as the rest of us got up.
"Twer…I mean, Arthur. I want another practice match with you." Theo placed a hand on my shoulder as I headed down the stairs.
"No! It's my turn. You lost to him last time so I get to try now!" Doradrea squeezed between us and looked up at me with her masculine face.
"That didn't count! It was a lucky break that he just had, that's all." Theo refuted, his face red from both anger and embarrassment.
"No can do, Theo, Doradrea. I'm going home to my family tonight. My driver is already waiting for me outside of the academy," I shrugged, hopping down the stairs without giving them the time to convince me to stay.
"You have the protection ring that Father gave you, right? Use it immediately if you feel like you're in trouble. Promise me that, okay?" I heard Curtis worriedly nag his younger sister. We'd be leaving early tomorrow morning so tonight was probably the last time he'd be able to see her until we got back Sunday night.
Kathyln just responded with a silent nod, her face expressionless as always. She caught me looking at the both of them and quickly turned her head away. Curtis left his sister and walked towards me.
"I'll see you tomorrow morning then, Arthur. I heard Professor Glory was thinking of assigning teams. Let's join the same team if we can," he said, giving me a fist bump to the arm.
"Yeah, sounds good." I offered a friendly nod. Before walking out I gave everyone a wave goodbye.
It was already pretty dark outside with the only source of light coming from the soft glow of the floating orbs. The campus grounds gave off a very mystical feeling at night, totally different from how the world was in my previous life.
Upon reaching the main gate to the academy, a familiar driver was waiting for me. "Good evening, Mr. Arthur. I take it that you have prepared everything?" he said while taking off his hat and giving me a slight bow.
"Yeah. The meeting ran a little late so let's leave right away." I got into the carriage after my driver opened the door for me.
I dozed off during the ride back home so it felt like the familiar Helstea Mansion came into view a lot faster than I'd expected.
"We have arrived, Mr. Leywin. Have a great night." Opening the door, the polite driver tipped his hat once again as I stepped off the carriage. Walking up the stairs brought up nostalgic thoughts of when I'd come back from the kingdom of Elenoir and when I came back from the Dire Tombs. This was probably the first time I was coming back home in a while without giving my parents a reason to worry for my life.
Before even having the chance to knock, the giant front door swung open and an Ellie missile shot out at a speed that surprised me.
"BROTTTHERRR! Welcome hommeeeee!" Ellie wrapped her arms around my waist as I mustered up the strength to keep the both of us from toppling down the stairs.
"Kyu!" Sylvie hopped off my head and onto Ellie's, licking her face.
"Haha~ that tickles, Sylvie!" My sister unwrapped herself from me as she held Sylvie and tickled her back.
"I was wondering what the noise was; you're back a little late, Son!" My father leaned against the front door and gave me a grin.
"The meeting ran a little late. It's been awhile, Dad." I gave my father a hug as my sister followed behind me, still cuddling with my bond.
"Ah! You're back, Art. You must be so tired." My mother, who was upstairs, ran down and wrapped her arms around me.
"Hey, Mom. Yeah, I'm back." I smiled, accepting the family love I cherished so much.
"How's your body? Are you all better now?" My mother examined my body, lifting up my shirt and turning me around to make sure I didn't have a wound left on me.
"Haha, I'm fine now. You're worrying too much." I gave her a comforting smile but I couldn't help but remember the short conversation I had had with my father about why my mother wasn't able to heal me back then. However, I quickly shook the thoughts from my head. I was sure there was a reason and the only thing I could do was wait for her to tell me.
"Brother, how long are you staying?" Ellie was practically hopping around me as we all headed towards the living room.
"I'm leaving early tomorrow morning." I let out a sigh.
"Wha~at? Why?" My sister's face visibly saddened, her shoulders slumping at my response.
"Yeah, why are you leaving so soon?" my father chimed in, taking a seat on the sofa.
"One of my classes has an excursion to the Beast Glades tomorrow for one night. We leave in the morning so I'll have to head out pretty early at dawn." I was already tired at the thought of waking up that early.
"The Beast Glades?!" My mother's face turned pale with concern. I wasn't surprised since I'd almost died the last time I was in the Beast Glades. Even my father had a worried look on his face.
"Don't worry. We're only going to be on the outskirts and our professor will be with us at all times. Besides, I still have the ring." I pulled out the ring that the Helstea family had given us from my pocket. The ring used mana circulation to indicate to the other ring-holder whether I was still alive or not. I kept it off while I was at school since I didn't really have a need for it but I brought it just in case.
"But still… is it mandatory for you to go?" My mother furrowed her brows, the concern refusing to leave her face.
"We'll be fine. It's one of the lowest-ranked dungeons and we're not allowed to go below the third floor anyways." I comforted my mother.
She still wasn't entirely happy with the whole situation but she just kept silent, giving me a hesitant nod. The four of us spent a few more hours just catching up while Sylvie fell asleep on Ellie's lap. Ellie was apparently doing well in her ladies' school while my father and mother both still looked very healthy and in love. It'd only been a few weeks since I'd last seen them so there weren't really any surprises. Upon my asking where the Helstea family was, Father said that Vincent and Tabitha were both out for a couple of days on a business trip to a different city.
Eventually, my parents ushered my sister and I into our rooms since it was pretty late. I almost fell asleep while taking a shower and after drying myself; I couldn't help but let out a big sigh of relief as I sunk into bed.
It was good to be back home.
Before I could get too comfortable, a series of knocks sounded from my door.
I turned my head, too tired to get up, and I saw a small head peeking out from the other side of the door.
"C-Can I sleep with you tonight, Brother?" Ellie walked in with her arms clinging onto a stuffed animal.
"Sure," I smiled, lifting the blanket next to me so she could get under.
"Hehe, yay!" Ellie jumped into the bed, making herself comfortable. The bed was more than big enough for the both of us but she scooted in close and faced me.
"Goodnight." Patting my baby sister's head, the both of us fell asleep to each other's steady breaths.


Chapter 65: Widow’s Crypt

"BROTHER! WAKE UP!!" My sister's voice pounded through my head as she screamed at the top of her lungs directly next to my ear.
"What? What's going on?" My eyes still half-closed, I whipped my head back and forth to see if there was an emergency.
"Sheesh! You suck at waking up, Brother." Ellie probably woke up not too long ago, evident by her bedhead.
"Haha, you hair looks crazy." I shot her a grin as I ruffled her hair.
"Eek! Stop it! Your hair looks weird too!" Hopping out of bed, my sister ran out of my room, reminding me to wash up.
"Aye aye!" I gave my sister an exaggerated salute, making her giggle, before going downstairs.
Sylvie woke up on her own from my sister's shouting but her eyes kept blinking slowly as she unstably toddled behind me.
After washing up, I made sure I had a few basic necessities on me. This included my seal bracelet, my dimension ring with Dawn's Ballad stored inside, the other ring used to signal my mother if I was in trouble, and the feather Sylvia left me that I used to cover Sylvie's bond mark on my forearm.
The feather wasn't necessary to cover the mark, but I liked to keep it on me just as a memento. Having a part of Sylvia with me always comforted me.
Walking downstairs, my nose picked up on the soft scent of a meaty soup. When I reached the kitchen, I spotted my parents and little sister sitting around the table, drowsiness still evident on their faces from being up early at dawn.
"Hope you don't mind. The chef is cooking breakfast for you. We're probably going to go back to sleep after we see you off." My mother gave me a tired smile.
I pulled up a chair and took a seat next to Ellie. "Not at all. In fact, you really didn't have to wake up and see me off."
"Be vigilant, no matter how easy you think the dungeon may be. It's called a dungeon because you never know of the dangers inside," my father warned me, his bedhead ablaze.
Looking at my mother, the strain on her face was hard not to notice as she struggled for the right words. "…Just, please be careful, Arthur. I know how strong you are but I can't stand it every time I see you hurt, it's just that…" Her voice faded at the end.
"Hmm?" My mind flashed back to what my father had said in the hospital room back at Xyrus Academy; the event that made her unable to heal anyone seriously injured.
"It-It's nothing. Just be safe…. and keep your eyes on that girl, Tessia, as well. You have to protect her if things get tough, okay?" Giving me a gentle smile that didn't seem to reach her eyes, she reached forward and patted my head.
The house chef brought in my food at this time, which consisted of dry bread and a creamy soup that I assumed was used to dip my bread in. After Sylvie had a nibble on the bread, she whined and just curled up again. By the time I'd finished, the sun was starting to peek out from the mountains.
"Are you going to be coming home right after your dungeon excursion?" my father asked after giving me a hug.
"No, not right after. I'll be back for a whole week next week though, for break. There's some kind of special festival going on in the city, right?" My professors had all announced it a few weeks in advance that once every ten years, there was a phenomenon that occurred. Supposedly, during that entire week, the mana density in this continent reached its peak, giving mages the resources to make breakthroughs and even allowing non-mages to experience what it's like to feel mana. For that week, classes were cancelled and students were allowed to either stay on campus or go back home to meditate and train as much as possible.
"Ah, right! The Aurora Constellate is happening next week. So you're going to stay here for the festival too?" My mother's mood brightened.
"Wow! A whole week?" My drowsy sister perked up at this and pulled on my sleeves.
"Yup, that's the plan. Let's all go to the festival together." Looking at my family, I gave them a smile and hugged my sister and mother before walking down the stairs.
"Be careful!" my mother shouted one last time while waving. Waving back at them, I stepped inside the carriage. Once inside, I followed Sylvie's lead, catching up on my sleep until we arrived.
__________________________________________________
"Arthur!" Stepping out of the carriage, I spotted Curtis waving at me, his smile wide and genuine.
"How was your trip back home? Did you get to catch up with your family?" Claire patted me on the back when I reached the group of students waiting at the front gate.
"Good, you made it!" Professor Glory gave me a smile too as she began her headcount. Looking around, besides Curtis and Claire, I saw Clyde, Lucas, and a few other students that I never really paid attention to. I did one more quick check but didn't see Tess, and by the frantic look on his face, neither did Clyde.
"Sorry I'm late!" Once Tess ran through the front gate, she caught her breath, her face flushed and hair messy.
"You're the last one, Princess Tessia. We can start heading out now." Professor Glory took note of everyone's presence once more and nodded in satisfaction before turning around and leading the class of fifteen students to the teleportation gate.
I glanced back to see Tess walking alongside Clyde when she caught my gaze. Giving me a shy smile of affirmation, I replied with a small wave but otherwise continued making small talk with Curtis and Claire until we arrived at the gate.
The guard stationed at the gate adjusted the settings as he asked our professor a few questions. After several minutes, Professor Glory signaled for us to enter through the gate one by one, stepping in herself after all of us. Again, my stomach turned from the feeling of traveling through, but luckily, the trip never lasted more than a few seconds.
"Welcome! I assume for most of you, this is the first time you guys have stepped foot in the Beast Glades, correct?" Professor Glory chimed while placing her hands on her hips.
"Hmph. I've been here countless times. I was an A-class adventurer after all." Lucas stepped forth with his chest out. With this, a couple impressed murmurs from the students made Lucas even more arrogant until Professor Glory replied.
"Ah, yes. I've heard from Director Goodsky that you were indeed an adventurer. I've also been notified that you had your license revoked due to classified reasons." Raising an eyebrow, Professor Glory continued on.
"Tch. It's all because of that damned masked bastard." The professor didn't hear Lucas mutter under his breath as he leaned against his staff.
"Right now, we're near the edge of the Grand Mountains. If we walk a few hours this way, we'll arrive at a famous pub of gathering called Dragonspine Inn. Back when I was an adventurer, that was the place to chat and get information on various mana beasts and dungeons. We'll be going to a rather low-level dungeon so don't worry too much. I will also be with you at all times but I'll refrain from helping unless it is absolutely necessary so don't look to me for answers." Professor Glory waved her right hand and from her dimension ring appeared a small pile of black cloth.
"These are shawls that you guys will need to wear inside the dungeon. The dungeon we're exploring is called Widow's Crypt. It's a fairly straightforward dungeon without any traps or mazes so don't worry about getting lost. It is, however, very cold in there, which is why you need these shawls. The mana beasts you'll mostly be facing are nasty little creatures called snarlers. There are two types of snarlers in this dungeon that you'll need to be wary of: the minion snarlers and the queen snarler. The minion snarlers are the ones you guys will be facing. Their queen burrows to the bottom floor of the dungeon so you won't see it, but just know the difference. You'll see what the minions look like once we go inside, but for now, we're going to split you up into three teams of five." As Professor Glory finished informing us, she pulled out a small piece of paper from the inside of the shawl she was wearing.
"I've already decided on how teams will be split so take a step forward as I call you. Curtis, Claire, Dorothy, Owen, and Marge; you guys will make up the first team." Our professor motioned for them to pick up their shawls and step to the side. She then called the next five students, which left me with a bitter feeling.
"That leaves us with Arthur, Lucas, Clive, Tessia and Roland." she said as she pointed at the pile of shawls left.
I had to be in the same team as Lucas again? Was she doing this on purpose? No, there were only fifteen students in the class and she had no idea that I was an adventurer before. But she was also the one that stopped my little scuffle with Lucas.
Debating whether or not to ask to change with someone, I ultimately decided to stay after remembering what my mother said this morning. Even if she hadn't said it, I didn't trust Lucas being in the same team as Tess. I should be there just in case.
"Any questions? No? Okay, then it's settled. It shouldn't take us more than two hours to reach the dungeon entrance so let's hurry." With that, we took off, taking long strides amidst the thick trees covering most of the sunlight.
We all traveled in silence, most of the students scared that they might attract unwanted attention from the mana beats that might be nearby. Soon, the trees cleared up as we began descending down a slope.
"We're almost here. There'll be a place to stay on standby next to the dungeon so don't go inside." With that, our professor stepped to the back, doing a headcount again while each of us carefully slid down the steep slope leading to the dungeon entrance.
"Before we go in, are you sure you want to bring your bond inside the dungeon, Arthur?" Professor Glory shot me a concerned look.
What do you say? Do you want to go hunting since we're at the Beast Glades anyway? I mentally transmitted to Sylvie.
'Sure!' With that, my bond hopped off of my head and disappeared into the woods for the wrong reason that everybody else was thinking right now.
"Good choice, it'll probably be safer if she stays out here and lays low." Professor Glory gave me a nod before climbing up onto a rock so she could see everyone.
"Now. Split off into your groups and get to know each other. You guys have probably seen what everyone in your group is like from class but share your strengths and weaknesses. Communication and trust is vital in team-fighting. You'll also have to decide on a leader before we go inside." As our professor took a seat on the rock, our group came together and sat in a circle. While everyone looked at each other, not wanting to speak, the only one in our group that I didn't really know, Roland, spoke up.
"Ahem! My name is Roland Alderman and I am a water attribute augmenter! My hobbies are relaxing, shopping, going on dates with pretty girls and…"
"No one asked for your hobbies," Clive interrupted while massaging the bridge of his nose in irritation.
"Well someone's a little grumpy. Anywho… My strength is in mid-range fighting, using a water whip skill that was passed down from my family. My weakness is close-range combat. Next!" he finished, tossing the imaginary baton to me, who was sitting to his left.
"Arthur Leywin. I'm a wind and earth attribute augmenter. I'm adept at all ranges but prefer mid-to-close," I stated simply, looking directly at Lucas who was across from me.
"Clive Graves. Wind attribute augmenter specializing in long-distance fighting with a bow. I don't really have a weakness," he said tersely.
"Lucas Wykes. I am a conjurer with a single specialization in fire. As for strengths and weaknesses, let's not bother going over that." Rolling his eyes, he just leaned back as he sat cross-legged.
Sensing the hostility in the air, I noticed Tess looking a little uncomfortable. "Tessia Eralith. I am a conjurer with a dual specialization in wood and wind. My strong suits are middle-to-close-range fighting…" Letting her voice trail off, our group became silent, as we all knew what the next topic would be.
"I elect myself to be the leader." Lucas was the first one to speak.
"Oh? By what standards do you see yourself as the leader of this group?" I tilted my head, giving him an innocent look.
"By strength of course. Let's be real… I can beat any of you guys in a fight. Isn't it natural for the strongest one to be the leader?" Lucas shot back, looking back at me incredulously.
"I vote for Tessia! She's the only girl and is pretty, so I like that. We can even name our team the Queen and Knights!" Roland had this sparkle in his eyes as his mind wandered off into his own little fantasy land.
"I also think that Princess Tessia should be the leader, ahem… not for the same reason of course, not saying that she isn't pretty but I mean… Since she is the Student Council President." Clive ended up looking down as he mumbled, his flushed cheeks looking unnatural on his serious face.
"Wait I don't want to be the leader! How about Art…thur? Arthur Leywin," she voiced, shaking her hands in defense.
"I also think that Tessia should be the leader." I raised my hand up as everyone ignored her comment. I didn't mind just as long as Lucas wasn't the one leading.
"Tch. Idiots." Lucas just rolled his eyes once more before we all got up.
"All right, since it seems like everyone is done, let's head in. Brace yourselves once we get inside, it's going to be chilly!" Professor Glory announced before stepping inside the entrance, which appeared to be a narrow stairway leading into darkness.
In a single file line, we all started making our way down the stairs and I could swear that the temperature dropped noticeably with every step we took.
"W-W-W-What the hell? W-W-W-Why is it s-s-s-so c-cold?" Roland managed to say in between his chattering teeth.
"Augment yourself, you dolt." I heard Clive's voiced from behind. It was really dark so I couldn't really see anything more than the vague outline of each person.
As we walked down the stairs, I felt something grip my wrist but before I pulled away, I realized what it was. Looking back, just a step behind me, I could see the vague outline of Tess' head. Even without seeing, I could tell she was already blushing by how warm her hand was. Passing off her gesture as a result of feeling scared, we walked silently down the seemingly endless flight of stairs.
Even without augmenting myself, the frigid temperatures in the dungeon was bearable due to my assimilated body, but as the dungeon got brighter, that soon changed. A gust of piercing cold air blew through the opening at the end of the tunnel, forcing me to shield myself with the shawl. As my eyes adjusted to the change in lighting, I couldn't help but become excited, seeing the first floor of the Widow's Crypt.
The cavern stretched out for hundreds of yards, making me wonder how it even supported itself. The stone that made up the large cavern sparkled with a dim blue light as a thin layer of ice covered the floor and even formed icicles on the ceiling. Looking closely, I could see the nearly transparent layer of moss that covered the cavern walls and ceiling, enveloping this floor in a serene light.
"That's odd, usually, we'd see a fair amount of snarlers already. Why don't I—"
All of a sudden, hideous noises began echoing all around us. Peeking out from behind the numerous boulders and from small caverns spotted around the walls of the cave were an uncountable amount of beady red eyes.
"Th-That's a lot of snarlers…" I could hear Roland gulp as his eyes widened. It wasn't just him that was shocked at the sight but everyone in the class. Even Curtis and Claire looked. I looked at Professor Glory and from her expression, I didn't think she anticipated seeing this many snarlers either.


Chapter 66: Widow’s Crypt II

Even amongst mana beasts, snarlers were hideous creatures. With a thick grey fur coat, their 140cm bodies looked like muscular mini gorillas. Their faces, though, were a mix of a boar's snout and tusks with beady red eyes and long ears. With their thick and powerful protruding jaw, you wouldn't think they were only E stage mana beasts upon first glance.
"GRRRRRRRR"
"SSNNNNRRRKKK"
"GRAAHHK! GRAAHHK!"
As dozens and dozens revealed themselves from hiding, the snarlers started snapping their jaws while letting out low growls.
"P-Professor… are there supposed to be this many s-s-s-snarlers?" one of upperclassman females in the other group stammered out.
"This is so odd. Even in the lower floors, there are never this many snarlers bunched together." Professor Glory braced herself and stayed firm. Because of the low morale in our class, if even our professor took a step back in hesitation, everyone would panic.
"There are a lot of them but they aren't impossible to handle. However, since this is just a class excursion, I think it's best to go back up, just in case. Safety is priority right now." Just as Professor Glory started slowly ushering everyone back towards the stairs, a fireball flew past her and exploded in a crowd of snarlers.
As the fireball exploded, six snarlers all shot out in different directions and lay motionless.
"See? These nasty little beasts are weak. Professor, don't tell me you brought us all here just to go back? Even a small fire spell was enough to kill six of them," Lucas scoffed as he lowered his staff.
I could tell Professor Glory was still hesitant because of the unusual amount of snarlers suddenly appearing on the first floor.
"I-I think we should try and train here, Professor." Curtis had a determined look on his face as several other students, because of Lucas' display, gained confidence as well.
The snarlers that have all come out seemed a bit frightened now, as they warily keep their distance, studying us with their unintelligent eyes.
"Okay, but if I feel that something isn't right, we're immediately out of here, understood?" With a stern voice, she waited for the class to agree to her condition.
When she received a round of nods, she said, "Good. Split into your teams and take different parts of the floor. We don't want any friendly fire happening in here. And Lucas, if you do something like that again, there will be consequences." Professor Glory shot a menacing look towards the cocky blond, making him reluctantly comply.
"Prince Curtis, take your team and make your way towards the left side of the cave. Princess Tessia, take your team to the right of the cave and hold your ground. The last team, with me. I'll be keeping an eye on you guys at all times but stay vigilant and don't underestimate the snarlers, especially in these numbers." With that, Professor Glory motioned for the two teams to rush forward.
"Arthur, I want you to be the vanguard since you're the best at close range. Clive and Roland, you guys take positions to his left and right behind him and make sure he's covered. Lucas, stay in the center between Arthur, Clive and Roland; I'll cover your back. We're going in the diamond position we learned in class!" As soon as we headed towards the miniature army of snarlers, Tess' shy self all but disappeared as her student president side took over.
"GRRRAHHKK!!"
"KHHRRAAA! KRRAAH!"
"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck." Roland, obviously intimidated by the fifty-odd snarlers all snapping their jaws at us, took out his weapon, which just looked like a handle of a sword.
Clive also took out his metal short bow from his dimension ring and drew it back. Where the arrow should have been was a long metal needle wrapped in gusts of wind.
I take out Dawn's Ballad as well, which was still wrapped in white cloth. I left it sheathed and lowered myself, getting ready for a quick draw in case any of them suddenly jumped.
"Spread and destroy! Ember wisp!" As we approached the horde of snarlers, Lucas released one of his favorite spells that soon started floating around us.
"CRRAAHK!!" Reaching just 5 meters from the horde, I tucked my sword in tightly to my waist and prepared to draw as more than ten of them jumped towards us.
Dashing even faster, I leaned forward even lower and augmented the sword still inside its sheath. Augmenting a wind to accumulate inside, I had to use all of my strength to keep my blade from coming out of its sheath until the last minute. With the same theory as a loaded spring, I waited until I was just in front of the airborne snarlers before I released the pressurized blade.
As the speed of my blade broke the sound barrier with a loud boom!, I winced in pain as I felt my shoulder dislocating. That skill worked a lot better than I thought it would…I really shouldn't experiment with skills in actual battles.
The front line of the snarlers both in the air and on the ground was either knocked back or cut in half but I couldn't follow up with anything as my right arm dangled, dropping my sword.
"GRHHAAK!" Several more snarlers took the place of the fallen and galloped towards me, using all four limbs now.
Several arrows whizzed by me and promptly impaled some of the snarlers that almost reached me.
I look back and gave Clive a nod before picking up my sword with my left hand. As I looked to my left, Roland was wielding a whip made of water as he gripped the handle he brought out in the beginning. The water whip whirled erratically as some attacks missed the target by a large margin, making me think that Roland was still learning his family's art.
The cave glowed in red and blue as different fire spells went off from both our side and the other teams' sides. The snarlers were trying to surround us as they began spreading out and keeping their distance. The ember wisps that Lucas summoned were still shooting off small streams of fire but the snarlers were getting crafty, throwing chunks of ice from the ground at the wisps in hopes of extinguishing them.
Tess spotted me clutching my arm as she's fought off two snarlers. "Arthur, are you okay?"
"Um… I think I'll be fine." I gritted my teeth and positioned my right arm between my legs as I prepared to pop the shoulder back in.
"Gah!" I couldn't help letting out a cry as I forcibly repositioned my arm in place.
The skill I hadn't even named yet worked a lot better than I thought, managing to kill over fifteen snarlers at once. Too bad my body wasn't able to withstand the force just now.
The snarlers weren't very strong, but after about thirty minutes the seemingly endless numbers that never dwindled were taking its toll on us. Clive and Roland were sweating profusely while Tess turned a bit pale. Even Lucas' spells were becoming a lot less flamboyant as he had to keep in mind the limit of his mana pool now.
"Is it just me or are there more snarlers now than there were in the beginning?" Roland shouted as he managed to kill three snarlers with the help of Clive.
"I think you're right. The numbers aren't adding up." Clive responded as he looked at Tess for further instructions.
Between the corpses on the floor and the ones still kicking, the numbers, just on our side, added up to roughly over one hundred. That was more than double from the beginning.
"I think we should head back over to Professor Glory. We're not going to be able to keep fighting like this for much longer," Tess announced. As we made our way slowly back to where the entrance to the dungeon was, it seemed like the other team had the same idea.
Professor Glory noticed all the teams coming towards her so she made her way to us, cleaving snarlers left and right with her sword.
"Professor, I don't think we can keep going like this. The snarlers keep coming!" Tess shouted over the waves of snarlers.
"Teams! Follow your leaders! We're going back up!" Without hesitation, Professor Glory motioned for us to head back up the stairs when we hear a loud crash.
The icicles and stalactites, along with other rubble from the roof of the cave came crashing to the ground as two figures came floating down, flapping their large wings to hold themselves steady.
"Are you kidding me? What are the queen snarlers doing on this floor?" Professor Glory didn't bother holding in her rage as she took out another giant sword from her dimension ring.
"Class, make sure to not let any of the minion snarlers get in my way. I'll handle the two queens. I don't know what's going on but I'm getting you guys out of here if it's the last thing I do." With a click of her tongue, she pulled something from around her neck and threw it on the ground. As the necklace shimmered and then turned grey, the mana fluctuating around Professor Glory changed.
She was using a seal!
"Prepare to back up Professor Glory! Don't let any of the snarlers get past us!" Tess commanded as she held her bladed staff out in front of her.
"Aye! Vanguards, protect the conjurers!" Curtis stepped up, brandishing his sword and shield.
I took a step forward too, gripping my sword with both hands to support my throbbing shoulder. There were ten of us in the front as Lucas, Tess and three other girls started chanting spells. My eyes couldn't help but focus on Professor Glory as she wielded two giant swords, one in each hand. Fire and what looked like sand rapidly circled around her two swords as Professor Glory chanted inaudibly.
The fire and sand began intertwining as the two queen snarlers, both a few times larger and nastier, with wings, began cautiously surrounding Professor Glory. The queen snarlers' front two limbs had four long, sharp claws that glistened in a coating that I assumed was poison.
"HAAAHP!" Professor Glory, her two giant swords ablaze with fire and sand, charged towards the smaller queen snarler, beginning the battle.
I held back on using spells, choosing to simply hack and slash my way against the snarlers by augmenting my sword. Their thick coat offered them a little resistance against spells and attacks but it didn't take much to kill them. What became more of a problem was the corpses of the snarlers. Their dead bodies began piling more and more around us, getting in the way of our attacks. Looking around, I was relieved to see that the vanguards were still holding up. Both Curtis and Claire had minor scratches and bruises, but they were in much better shape compared to the other students.
I took a glance back and what I saw caught me by surprise. Professor Glory was pushing the queens, who were estimated to be on the upper spectrum of B-class bosses, back, by herself. What surprised me more was the way she did it. She was obviously a dual elemental augmenter in earth and fire, but she was producing projectiles that looked like ice shards…
No… looking carefully, it wasn't ice. It was glass!
A small scratch on my arm brought my attention back to the fight in front of me but my mind couldn't ponder how Professor Glory was able to do that. I knew about superheating sand but in order to produce that amount of heat while still battling…
"KRRAAAAAAAHHHH!" The ear-deafening cry made us turn our heads back. Professor Glory just managed to land the finishing blow on the smaller queen. Our Professor wasn't in the best of shape, her armor scratched and dented in various places while blood trickled down her cheeks.
"All right!"
"NICE!!"
"Go Professor!"
The defeat of one of the queens dramatically boosted the morale of the class as each of the students' renewed vigor allowed us to fight back harder against the snarlers that seemed to generate spontaneously.
"GRRRRAAAAAAHH!!!"
Upon seconds of hearing a loud crash, Professor Glory flew past the front line and landed hard against a wave of minion snarlers.
Allowing myself a few seconds to look back, a wave of nausea hit me as my eyes glued onto the sight of the bigger queen snarler, gorging on the corpse of the fallen queen.


Chapter 67: Widow’s Crypt III

As the larger queen began devouring the smaller one, I couldn't help but become perplexed by what was happening in this dungeon. There were more than ten floors here, with minion snarlers inhabiting all but the tenth floor, where the queen snarler dwelled. The reason this dungeon was considered a beginner dungeon was because the queen never left the tenth floor, allowing for easy training up until the very last floor.
Although the queen snarler was a B class mana beast, a large party of E class adventurers was still capable of defeating it.
Which brought another question to mind: Was it normal to have more than one queen in the dungeon? From what I had read, queen species were very territorial, and aggressive to any potential competitors that threatened their den.
Professor Glory didn't really think much of it but I couldn't help but be bothered by it. This brought me to my last inquiry. How were those two queens so much stronger than they normally should be?
I could understand Professor Glory having a hard time against two B class mana beasts that were considered dungeon bosses, but she shouldn't be losing. An A-class adventurer was supposed to easily dispose of the kind of queen snarler I had read about.
"Why is that one so much stronger?" Professor Glory got up as she groaned, cleaving a few minions out of her way.
As I fended off waves of snarlers, my attention kept on drawing back to the queen snarler eating its former ally.
"Professor, does this usually happen?" I asked.
"Well, I've heard that some species of mana beasts do indulge in cannibalism but I've never really seen this particular case. Why now of all times, I have no idea." Shaking her head, she picked up her other sword and made her way towards her opponent.
As the queen snarler finished consuming her fallen comrade, a bizarre change occurred. Its once grey fur turned jet black and the small horn on its forehead that I failed to notice at first curved upwards, growing substantially. The once beady red eyes turned sharp and menacing—almost psychotic—as it began foaming from its mouth as well.
Professor Glory didn't say anything but I knew that there was a growing sense of doubt in her mind as the beast charged at her. Until now, getting back home safely was considered just a matter of time, but even I couldn't help but shiver involuntarily from the murderous intent that exuded from the queen.
"Professor! We can't… keep this up!" Tess shouted hoarsely amidst the growls and hisses of the enemy.
Her condition didn't look too good and brought to my attention a rather obvious problem we were now facing.
"Everyone! No more fire spells! The entrance of the cave is blocked so our supply of oxygen is limited!" I roared out.
From the burnt pile of corpses accumulating, the air was becoming thick as some of the weaker students began coughing uncontrollably.
The queen and Professor Glory were at a stalemate, with our professor drifting towards the losing side. As I focused on the main battle, I could see that the fighting style of the queen snarler had completely changed. There was no trace of hesitation or sense of self-preservation. Each attack it lashed out at Professor Glory was with the intent to kill without caring for its own body. Usually that should've been its downfall, but that unique queen snarler's black fur was able to absorb most of the damage from our professor's attacks.
"Arthur… I think… my mana core is beginning to… act up." Tess, who was a few meters behind me, fell to her knees as she began clutching her abdomen.
Damn it.
'Papa! What's wrong? Are you okay?' Sylvie's voice popped in my head.
We ran into a problem, get here as fast as you can and head down the stairs, I responded before focusing back on what was happening here.
Several factors began weighing down on my mind now and I began to feel a sense of nostalgia from my trip to the Dire Tombs. Did I have the power to clear the mountain of rubble blocking the front entrance to the stairs? And even if I did, should I just take Tess and escape by ourselves?
No. Tess would never forgive me if she knew that I left everyone else in here to escape.
Then after opening a way back up, should I stay behind and help Professor Glory kill the mutated queen snarler?
Whatever decision I chose to make, the first thing I had to do was remove this rubble. It was important that I cleared a path back up in one try, since it was obvious the queen wasn't going to let us all escape.
"Professor, keep the queen busy. I'll try to open a way out of here for us!" Professor Glory had to work even harder to keep up with the queen since she couldn't use any fire techniques. After giving me a nod of affirmation, I got to work. Tess wasn't in any state to help and everyone else was too busy fending off the army of minion snarlers. Lucas had to resort to using heat spells to try and deter the snarlers since oxygen levels were becoming more and more scarce.
I would have to do this by myself. I had to calculate this well. If I were to use a large enough fire spell in this state right now and fail, we were all going to suffocate in here. Water? Ice? There were too little water elemental mana particles in this cave to release anything strong enough to drill a hole through the mountain of rock. The once ice-filled cave was now dry and arid with a thick layer of smoke being produced from some of the burnt snarler corpses.
That left me with wind and earth, or a mixture of both, but even with the level I was right now, I wasn't confident in being able to produce a powerful enough attack. I thought of maybe using phase two, but with Tess in the condition she was in right now, I had to stay conscious, at least until we got out of this dungeon.
Was there really no other option? As my mind began spinning for possible solutions, I saw Professor Glory receive a pretty large blow to her right arm.
'I'm almost there, Papa! Hold on!' Sylvie's voice gave me an idea.
That's it!
"Curtis! I need your help right now!" I roared across the battlefield.
"Arthur, I don't think I can afford to—"
"Come, now!" I barked back before he could refute.
Curtis was a bloody, grimy mess, but from the shallow wounds on his body, it was obvious that the blood on him wasn't his.
"What is it?" He panted heavily. I could tell he was exhausted by the wear on his face and body. His shield was badly dented and his sword was slick with blood, dulled from repeated use.
"Do you think your beast will ability, World Howl, is strong enough to clear the rubble?" I turned his head to snap him back to attention.
"Arthur, I don't think I have the mana to even go into my first phase." He shook his head hopelessly.
"Just answer the question. Is it strong enough?"
"Y-Yeah, if I had enough mana, I could potentially produce a blast bigger than the one in the mock team battle where you, um, got injured." He scratched his head, confused by where I was going with this.
I thought about maybe directing the blast at the queen snarler but even if it were strong enough to kill it, it would be impossible to accurately catch only the queen and not Professor Glory. It was safer to just go with this plan.
"Okay. I want you to not question what I'm about to do. Just focus on going into your first phase and producing a blast strong enough to clear that mountain of rubble. Got it?" The amount of urgency and authority must have gotten through to Curtis because he just nodded and turned around.
Taking off my seal and putting it in my dimension ring, I made sure to control the amount fluctuation in the mana as to not tip anyone off. Everyone was occupied with the snarlers but if I didn't control the mana release like Professor Glory did after she released her seal, I would draw attention from the queen snarler.
Feeling the untapped pool of mana that I now had access to, I placed both my hands on Curtis' back.
From the amount of mana I willed into Curtis, the prince involuntarily dropped to one knee before he was able to adjust his body to the sudden bombardment of mana.
Mana transference had been studied for many years according to professors and many of the books in the library, but it was a hopeless cause for them. They believed that if a mage had the fire attribute, receiving mana from another fire attribute mage should be possible, but after countless tests and failures, they deemed it implausible; the reason being that even if someone was specialized, the mana inside their bodies weren't purely of just that element. Hypothetically, if someone was able to condense and refine their core to the highest sense, then they could transfer mana with another person core of that same level and element. Other than that, it would be impossible. Except for me.
The fact that I was able to manipulate all four elements allowed me to adjust and mimic and input the types of mana and the ratio of each element of the person I was transferring to. It was sort of like what I did for my sister and Lilia when teaching them mana manipulation in their bodies but on a much bigger scale. Of course I hadn't perfectly mastered this so it was inevitable that I'd be wasting a lot of mana, but this was our best bet.
As I began slowly controlling and limiting the amount of each elemental mana particles I transmitted to Curtis, I couldn't help but grit my teeth in self-deprecation at the turn of events.
There were so many small signs that I chose to ignore, thinking that it would work out fine, and that I could handle it. Was I treating this life I had right now for granted? Being fortunate enough to have this amount of power at my age definitely made me lose my past sense of rationality to a degree.
No longer a king, tied down by rules and politics as well as my own physical capabilities, I'd become careless. In this world, the limits to my potential were boundless. Reaching white stage or even further wasn't a dream but a matter of time and effort.
The thing that appalled me the most and what I hated to admit was that I was, in a sense, a bit like Lucas. I was nowhere near as much of a jerk as him and I had people I actually cared for besides myself, but I was becoming arrogant; arrogant to the extent of carelessness.
"I-I don't know what you just did, Arthur, but I feel great. I think I'll be able to go into my first phase!" the prince exclaimed, bringing me back to reality. I sensed the change his body was going through as he began to transition into his first phase.
Mana fluctuated erratically around him as he released his beast will. I jerked my hands back in pain as Curtis released his first phase. Confused, I tried transferring mana to him again but the rejection from his body was even stronger than the first time.
Did the mana from his beast will reject my mana?
Before I had the chance to try again, Curtis began gathering mana for his World Howl technique.
He crouched, lowering his center of gravity to withstand the recoil of the spell, the mana from both his body and the atmosphere gathered in front of his open jaw.
During this time, I rushed to where Tess was curled behind the front line and scooped her up. Getting Tess out of here was first priority. I was partly to blame for this mess. I should've done a better job in preventing something like this from happening in the first place.
With a beastly roar, Curtis unleashed his powerful breath attack, but the mutated queen must've sensed that something was wrong because it immediately changed its target from the wounded Professor Glory to Curtis.
"Oh no you don't!" Bellowing at the top of her lungs, Professor Glory leaped up and grappled the mutated queen in flight, hoping to deter it from reaching Curtis.
With a thundering explosion, Curtis' spell blasted a large hole through the rubble, clearing a path to the now visible stairway entrance back to the surface.
"Everyone, head to the stairs!" I roared through the sound of rocks falling and snarlers growling.
"Go now!" Professor Glory shouted as well as she struggled to hold her own against the queen snarler.
The exhausted class made one final push towards the entrance as Professor Glory held the queen at bay, the wall of snarler corpses obstructing the ones alive for a brief moment.
"Claire, I'm trusting Tess to you." I handed Tess to Claire, who seemed to be in the best shape right now.
"You're not planning on staying, are you? You can't be serious. As your commanding leader in the disciplinary committee, I forbid—"
"Just go…" With the limited amount of time we had, I released a sharp killing intent to get my point across, making her flinch backwards in surprise.
Helping the drained Curtis back to his feet, I pushed both of my disciplinary committee teammates toward the front entrance of the cave before turning back to where Professor Glory was fighting.
"Why the hell did you come back, Arthur?!" I could almost feel the amount of frustration in my professor's voice as she snapped at me through gritted teeth.
"We're going to need both of us to kill this thing." Taking Dawn's Ballad back out from my dimension ring, I unsheathed it.
"You better hope this thing kills me because you're going to regret not following my orders," she responded, blocking a blow from the queen's sharp claws.
"Hey, I'm a professor too, remember?" I gave her a weary smile before making a sharp swing with my blade.
"You're too smart for your own good, Arthur." She smiled back while shaking her head. The situation didn't seem too good as the mana transference had made me use most of my mana. If it weren't for mana rotation, I probably would've gotten backlash already.
While battling the queen and keeping her busy enough so the rest of the class could get out safely, I noticed that the last one here was Lucas. Our eyes locked for a brief moment before he turned his head back and disappeared into the entrance.
I could've sworn I saw him snort before he turned away.
As the fight continued, I managed to sever one of the queen's wings so it wasn't capable of flight any longer, but its thick fur was preventing us from doing anything more than giving it shallow wounds. This mutated queen, standing almost ten feet tall on its hind legs, was filled with wounds from both Professor Glory and I, but it didn't seem to bother it at all.
"I don't think we can kill this thing!" I shouted to Professor Glory, who was on the other side of the queen snarler.
"We'll need to at least bind it somehow so we can escape. I don't think the queen will follow us out of the dungeon!" she responded as the queen howled in anger.
"I need you to keep it busy for five seconds, Professor." I repositioned myself so Professor Glory was in view.
"Okay." She didn't question what I was about to do as she unleashed another burst of mana out of her core.
As Professor Glory leaped toward the mutated queen, I put my sheath back into my dimension ring and grasped my sword with both hands. With the seal gone, I used the last of my mana to will lightning into Dawn's Ballad.
Without mana to strengthen and empower my movement, my dash toward the queen snarler felt like a crawl.
"Move!" At my signal, Professor Glory leaped out of the way as I stabbed my sword into an already existing wound that I had managed to inflict just earlier between its shoulder blades.
The crackle of electricity prying its way in through the seam caused the queen to erupt into a high-pitched shriek as she began to spasm.
"Let's go!" Without even being able to pull my sword back out from the queen snarler, Professor Glory grabbed me by my waist and carried me toward the front entrance.
As the hordes of minions got in our way, Professor Glory slashed through until we reached the front entrance.
Suddenly, a dark shadow passed over us. "H-How?" Professor Glory could only gasp as both of us looked up. The queen, with my sword still embedded in its spine, somehow recovered enough to make one desperate leap to keep us from escaping.
"Hurry!" I was currently dangling on top of my professor's shoulder as I tried to snap her out of her shock. With the mutated queen snarler almost upon us, we barely managed to avoid its sharp claws before she landed hard on the ground.
Without the luxury to even look back, we made our way past the minions and into the hall when I spotted the mutated queen crawling her way toward us. I guess my last attack did some damage because it wasn't freely mobile—instead, it awkwardly limped toward us, using its claws to drag its body.
Reaching the end of the hall where the stairs began to ascend, I noticed something odd about the queen snarler that was just a couple meters away from us.
Every bit of that mutated queen was odd, but this was different. As it reached closer and closer to the top of the staircase, where we were, its face and body began pulsating. Tumors began growing sporadically in random parts of its body and face.
Don't tell me...
Before I was even able to finish my thought, the queen burst apart in an explosion of guts, blood, and shards of exoskeleton.
Before Professor Glory could even turn around, the force of the explosion pushed her forward, and she lost her grip on me.
As if that wasn't bad enough, the explosion caused by the queen opened up a large hole beneath it.
"Arthur!" Through gritted teeth, I heard my professor's desperate cry as she reached her hand out for me, but it was too late. I could feel myself growing weaker from the force of the queen's last desperate attempt.
"Save Tess!" I called back out weakly before using the last bit of mana I'd been gathering for the short amount of time to augment my body.


Chapter 68: Widow’s Crypt IV

After what seemed like hours of falling while being knocked between various rocks that fell along with me from the explosion, I spread my arms and legs, desperately trying to find anything to grab to stop myself from becoming a splatter mark on the ground. The speed at which I was dropping kept me from stabilizing myself on my own, but fortunately, my right hand was able to latch onto a jutted tree root. Unfortunately, that was also the arm that had been dislocated not too long ago so the sudden jolt sent a sharp pain up my arm that made me wish I'd just fallen flat on the ground instead.
Dangling helplessly by my right arm that felt as if it were going to rip off at any moment, I desperately sent Sylvie a mental transmission.
Sylv. Are you there? I fell quite a bit aways but I'm still okay. Do you sense where I am?
I waited for a minute but there was no response—I couldn't even sense my bond. I immediately began worrying that something had happened to her, but with the queen snarler dead and the rest trapped inside the dungeon, it was unlikely. It was more reasonable to conclude that I was either too far down, or that this area was warded off and sealed from the outside, or more accurately, the surface.
By the extent of my drop, I doubted I was on any of the immediate floors below it, causing me to wonder if the explosion had unveiled a hidden passage to some room somewhere inside the dungeon.
Thinking back on the explosion caused by the mutated queen snarler, I couldn't help but think how odd it had been. The blast was large, but I got the feeling that the explosion wasn't meant to kill whoever was near it. If that were the case, my body, along with Professor Glory's, would be in a much worse state than it was now.
"Ugh," I groaned as I continued hanging off my limp arm, feeling myself lose grip. I let out a couple quick breaths to ready myself before I used the remaining strength in my right arm to pull myself up just enough for my left arm to take its place.
Through gritted teeth, I resisted the temptation to just let go and leave it up to God or the gods or any gods, whatever they worshiped in this world, if any.
After a quick assessment of my body's condition, which was in fairly good shape besides my right shoulder, I tried to survey my surroundings, except all I could see was darkness. It wasn't as simple as it simply being dark; it was pitch black. That feeling of when you shut your eyes so hard that it seems like different lights were oozing around in your vision or that feeling where no matter how hard you squinted, your eyes couldn't adjust—that was what I was feeling right now.
As I activated my mana rotation, I dispersed the mana I had covering my body to only my left arm. I had to use this "break time" to gather as much mana I could. Augmenting what little mana I had into my eyes in hopes to see something, I was rewarded with only darkness.
I'm not blind… am I? I couldn't help but think to myself as I augmented my eyes again.
Just to comfort my needless worry, I break one of the most basic rules in situations like this. I produced a small fire on the tip of my right index finger.
Looking at the warm red and orange flicker of fire on my fingertip, I breathed in relief before extinguishing the flame.
While vision was an important thing, the last thing I wanted to do in a dark place like this was draw attention to myself. Now that the enemies here, if any, knew of my location, I needed to move.
Since I couldn't see, I used wind to sense the type of space I was in right now. I had no idea how narrow or wide this hole that I was in was, but I assumed it wasn't too wide since I hit quite a few objects along the way while falling.
Sending out short, soft bursts of wind, equidistant, around me, I figure out that this ditch, for a lack of better words, had a diameter of about 10 meters. The scary part, however, was that I couldn't even sense how far down I was and how much further I had to go down until I had a floor to walk on.
What I had to decide now was whether to try and climb back up or make my way down. By how much I fell and all of the other debris that fell down along with me, chances were that the opening at the top would already be covered. With Sylvie not answering from outside, I had no way of knowing if she could open up an exit for me.
That only leaves me with going down.
I sighed.
No matter how rational and level headed I was, I couldn't help but feel a bit anxious in this situation. More so than the immediate dangers in front of me, a situation like this, where I couldn't see anything or even sense any life forms, made me more edgy. In the case where the army of snarlers was in front of us, I knew what I had to do and I could think of how to deal with it. Right now, I could neither imagine nor predict what might happen in the next couple of seconds, making me all the more tense.
Augmenting both my hands with earth attribute mana, I'm able to bury my hand into the side of the giant abyss-like hole, creating a handhold for myself. I positioned myself flat against the side with both my hands dug into the wall to keep myself from falling.
In a steady motion, I pulled my augmented hands out of the side of the wall and allow myself to fall before I clawed my hands into the wall again to stop. The amount of stress it put on my arms made me cringe every time but this would be the fastest way to make my way down.
Gripping, letting go, gripping, letting go, gripping, letting go. I had to keep my body flat so I don't start falling away from the wall. I also couldn't wait too long before I had to grip the wall again because it would be a lot more dangerous to try and slow down after picking up too much speed.
I let out pulses of wind every now and then to try and see how much farther I had to go down. Even after around 3 hours of gripping and letting go, according to my internal clock, I had yet to sense a floor anywhere close beneath me.
How deep is this fucking hole? Without even the luxury to vent my frustration aloud, I was left to rant inside my head using words even the most vulgar of adults would find inappropriate.
I knew that everyone warned adventurers about the dangers and unpredictability of dungeons but both the Dire Tombs and even this supposedly low-level dungeon had proven to cause me more trouble than the times I adventured with Jasmine without the use of magic.
I mean, what were the chances that the one time I go to a D class dungeon supposedly filled with E class monsters, a freaking army decides to welcome us on the first floor?
The minion snarlers hadn't even been that bad, to be honest. We were stupid for using so much fire magic when we had no ventilation but I had handled most of them without even using mana.
That mutated queen had been the problem. How the hell did she get so strong? Was it because she ate the other queen? Was it even possible to just get instant power-ups like that?
As I continued debriefing to myself the events that occurred earlier, I kept gripping and letting go of the stone wall, falling down further into who knows where I was now.
I let go of the wall and fell down, timing myself before burying my augmented hands into the wall again. However, unlike before, my hand wouldn't go inside.
"What the…"
I desperately tried clawing at the wall but even with the augmentation in my hand, I wasn't able to make even a scratch into the wall.
The surface of the wall was different now. It was smooth—too smooth to be natural.
I was picking up speed as I persistently tried to bury my fingers into the wall, hopelessly.
This isn't working.
Careful to make as little noise as possible while I continued falling, I rhythmically let out pulses of wind around me, as a sort of makeshift echolocation. Through sending out faint pulses and measuring how long it took before it hit a surface, I could locate, in my head, potential footholds and handholds to make my way down.
Easier said than done. The theory worked great in my head but trying it without practice proved harder than I imagined. There were few handholds I could try and hang myself from but my makeshift echolocation technique wasn't as accurate as I wished it would be.
I ended up narrowly missing a lot of the potential supports and it just became harder as I picked up speed.
Fortunately, I still didn't sense the floor anywhere close to me so I had time, but if I fell down any faster, even if I could grab onto a support, I wasn't sure if my arms would be able to take the stress from the abrupt stop.
As I continue fumbling my arms against the wall to search for anything that may slow down or stop my fall, I was finally able to sense the ground.
Damn it… This isn't good.
I had about 200 meters before my body became a puddle on the ground. That left me with about… six seconds?
Damn it all.
Turning around so that the wall was to my back, I gathered all the mana I saved up 'til now. It would take about 4 seconds to focus enough mana into the spell.
Wind Bullet. Stretching my arms out in front of me, I unleash a barrage of fist-sized bullets of compressed air to the other side of this giant hole I was in.
If I could create enough force to push myself back against the wall, I would be able to slow down enough to survive the fall. I no longer cared about keeping noise to a minimum.
The air bullets boomed as they collided into the wall about 10 meters away from me, My body pressed harder and harder against the wall behind me from the recoil of the spell, and I couldn't do anything besides grit my teeth as I felt the back of my uniform and my skin burning off due to the friction.
I could feel myself approaching the backlash stage but I just desperately let out all of the mana I could muster up while using mana rotation. As the air bullets continued colliding against the other side, pushing me back harder and harder into the smooth wall, I approached the ground.
50 meters…
40 meters…
20 meters…
I see a faint light!
10 meters…
5 meters…
"AAHH!!" I felt myself slowing down as the burning pain coursing through my back became numb.
Two meters before I reached the ground. I let out one last, large pulse of compressed air straight below me.
My eyes bulged and the only sound I could make was a painful cough as I met the ground, a jolt shooting straight up my body.
I rolled forward as soon as I could, trying to spread out the pressure as much as possible, but it wasn't enough.
Head spinning, I struggled to stay conscious as my vision blurred.
My vision!
As I lifted my head up from the ground, faint lights illuminated the area, allowing my blurring vision to get a sense of where I was. I seemed to be in a passageway of some sort, with small lights along the sides. Further down the hall came a brighter source of light.
"Wh-Who's there?" a female voice echoed.
When I open my mouth, only coughs came out.
I tried answering the frightened voice but again, my voice failed me.
"Please… I need help," she murmured.
Again, nothing came out as my vision continued to fade in and out. I tried getting up but utterly failed.
"...Hold....on." My voice came out raspy and weak but she heard me.
I heard harsh, forced breaths from her before she replied with a weak, "Okay."
Sylvia's dragon will was working wonders as I felt my body healing itself. My back was scorching from sliding down the wall and my legs felt like they'd been torn apart and taped back together, but I was able to stand up within thirty minutes.
Looking around to where I landed, I couldn't help but shake my head at the complete darkness that loomed above me from where I came from. Around me were shattered stones and, I think, a limb of the queen snarler that exploded. Near the limb though, my eyes noticed a reflection coming from under a pile of rubble.
Making my way there slowly, a smile crept up on my face as I realized what it was. My sword! Good old Dawn's Ballad was soon retrieved and safely back inside my dimension ring after digging it up and pulling it out of the shallow pile of rocks on top of it. I put the torn limb of the mutated queen snarler inside my dimension ring as well, hoping to study it if I ever made it back up.
Thinking optimistically, I realized I wasn't in too bad of a shape. I managed to slow myself down enough so I didn't have any broken bones. The shock went through the spine and rattled my brain, making me almost lose consciousness but considering the circumstances, I felt like it could've been a lot worse. My mana was now beginning to recover and with my legs functioning, I made my way to the voice that seemed to have gone silent.
"Hello?" I walked through the passageway, using the wall as support.
"I'm… here." The voice seemed even weaker than it had been half an hour ago.
Making my way towards the growing light at the end of the hall, I called out to her again.
As I reached the end of the tunnel, my vision took a few seconds to adjust from the change in brightness after being accustomed to utter darkness for so long.
"This… cough… way."
"…"
Before I could respond, I almost fell back as I stumbled in horror from what I witnessed.
The warzone created by the hundreds of snarler bodies scattered and piled on top of each other seemed like it was from a children's picture book compared to the scene that I couldn't seem to peel my eyes away from.
Corpses. Corpses of humans, elves, and dwarves lay dead and some in pieces around the cavern that would've been considered beautiful otherwise.
The once green grass-like moss spread over the ground was dyed red while the stream crossing through the cavern had floating bodies with blood spreading around them.
There were around forty-fifty corpses spread out in the cavern with their weapons next to them. The damage done to their bodies revealed torture as some had their limbs torn apart and others had cuts all over their beheaded bodies.
I heard her cough again. "Are you… still there?" The weak voice came from my left.
"I can't see… oh…" My heart dropped and I couldn't even finish.
The woman that was lying against the wall of the cavern was probably in a worse state than the carcasses spread around, split apart.
The woman, an elf, it seemed, had most of her limbs torn off. Where her right arm and both legs should've been were holes, cruelly sealed by burning the wounds. Her eyes were gone as dried blood that streamed down from where her eyes were stained her cheeks. In the woman's abdomen, right where her mana core was, a sleek black spike was impaled through her and once again, sealed.
"You… How?" I dropped to my knees in front of her as I inspected her. Looking at her carefully, I felt like I'd seen her somewhere. I couldn't quite put my finger on it but I recognized her face. Where did I…
The Six Lances… The Six Lances! She was one of the six strongest mages in all of Dicathen, chosen to represent the Continent.
"You're one of the six lances!" I couldn't help but sputter out.
"Indeed I am…" She let out a ragged sigh.
"As for how… If you're asking me how I'm still alive in this state, it's because he left me alive." Her eyebrows furrowed and the dried blood crusted in between her eyelids crumbled, letting out a faint stream of fresh blood from where her eyes once were.
"He?" I felt like I was asking stupid questions but I was so lost.
"Yes, he. He called himself Vritra." With her left hand, the only limb she had left, she slowly reached for something behind her and pulled it out.
Inside her hand was a sleek black stone fragment of some sort. As I squinted my eyes and analyzed it, I was suddenly reminded of my time with Sylvia.
As the memory clicked and the pieces were put together in my head, my hand squeezed tightly around the black shard as my whole body shook from anger.
I remembered why this black stone looked so familiar.
It was part of the horn of one of the black-horned demons that Sylvia first disguised herself as, and also the very species that killed her.


Chapter 69: Widow’s Crypt V

"Can I keep this?" I asked before realizing that my palm had been bleeding from grasping the shard of the horn too hard.
The elven woman, despite her condition, let out a hoarse chuckle after my question, catching me by surprise. Raising an eyebrow, I couldn't help but wonder what was going through her mind and how admirable she was for her ability to still laugh considering her situation.
"You're looking at me as if I've gone insane," she said as she struggled to turn her head toward the sound of my voice.
"No, not insane. Admirable, if anything," I replied.
"You're a weird one too, asking a dying soldier if you can keep something like that. Keep it. It won't hold any value to me anyway." She let out a sigh and suddenly, her face looked as if it had aged twenty years by the grave expression she wore.
"I don't even know your name, kid, but I'm going to die soon. There's no need to try and be sensitive about that fact." The elven warrior let out a ragged breath but her expression remained firm.
"My name is Arthur, and... yeah. Unfortunately, there doesn't seem to be any way for me to save you." I put the black shard inside my dimension ring. "I'm sorry."
"I guess it just wasn't meant to be then. Since I don't have a lot of time, I'll tell you as much as I know." My chest felt heavy as she so easily casted aside her hopes and accepted her fate.
"My name is Alea Triscan, as you figured out. I am one of the of the six lances and the corpses that you probably spotted upon your arrival were my troops. Each lance was in charge of a battalion composed of top mages." She let out another heavy sigh, and for once, I was glad she wasn't able to witness the gruesome slaughter that'd turned this once beautiful place into a grave of mangled corpses.
"After the commencement of the six lances a few months ago, I had been training them to work as a team to clear dungeons and other unknown areas. The six lances rarely go on missions together, unless we are to explore an S class dungeon or above," she continued after pausing for a gulp of air.
"From the direction of your footsteps earlier, it seemed you came in from a different entrance. This place is actually connected to three dungeons. Which dungeon did you come from, Arthur?" Alea wiggled her body, struggling to prop herself up against the wall.
"I came with my classmates and professor from the Widow's Crypt. Everyone else was able to make it back out, but I guess I wasn't so lucky." I took a seat against the wall next to Alea as I surveyed the carnage displayed before me. I was able to vaguely imagine what'd happened by how the bodies were positioned and where they had sustained their fatal injuries.
"I'm not sure how old you are, Arthur, but no one should have to see something like this," Alea whispered, her voice laced with remorse.
"My age probably won't correlate too well in regards to situations like this, but you are right. No one, regardless of age, should have to see something like this."
Her breathing became more ragged and sporadic but she held on.
"My troops and I came from an A class dungeon named Hell's Jaw. We were assigned to investigate the dungeon after getting reports of inconsistent sightings inside. The adventurers that had come back alive were ones who frequented the dungeon for training. The ones that made it back were barely alive and they all spoke about how the beasts residing within suddenly became stronger and fiercer. Was that the case for the dungeon you came from as well?" Alea asked, her words coming out slower than before.
"Yes. Just on the first floor, an army of minion snarlers welcomed us. The minions weren't bad but two queen snarlers showed up. One of the queens, after eating the other queen, turned from gray to black and its strength jumped a few fold. I suspected this was the cause."
"What do you mean you suspected?! Are you saying you've seen that demon before?" Alea's limp body suddenly sprang up as her head turned back toward me, shock evident in her voice.
"I'm not sure if it's the same one, but yes," I responded frankly.
"The same one? You think there's more than one?" Alea's already pale face drained to an even whiter color.
"I don't have definite proof, but I suspect that the one you saw, Vritra, is just one of the horned demons out there somewhere," I replied, recalling that night where I had gotten separated from Sylvia. The black demon with its horns curving downwards said something about causing them trouble. It was just speculation, but I suspected that there were probably more of them.
My mind began to spin as I pondered over the different possibilities and reasons as to why they were doing this. Was this all for Sylvie or some greater cause?
I remembered when Sylvia had given the stone to me that I had to protect it at all costs. That "stone" turned out to be an egg, and of a dragon no less. Was Sylvie such an important existence that the horned demons had to go this far for?
"What… are you thinking of, Arthur?" Alea let out a strained cough as fresh blood escaped from the sealed wound where her mana core once was.
I always found it intriguing that, while beast cores were capable of being harvested and used as tools to enhance mana, human mana cores weren't. When a mage died, their mana core shattered and the mana accumulated inside dispersed. Was it because we gathered mana from the atmosphere that this happened?
There seemed to be a deeper meaning when I thought of how humans didn't need their mana cores in order to survive, while our mana cores were dependent on us being alive. This world seemed to revolve around whether you were a mage or not, and if you were, how strong you were. I couldn't help but think that the God of this world wanted to tell us that life was more important than magic, which should be an obvious statement, but a statement which the people of this world seemed to have forgotten.
Before I lost myself deeper into the aspect of a higher being, Alea's ragged coughing snapped me back to reality.
"Are you okay?" That was a dumb question. Of course she isn't okay.
"When my team reached the first floor of Hell's Jaw, there was nothing off about it; the mana beasts were the same ones that were recorded. It was when we reached the final floor where the master of the dungeon made its den. The Hades Serpent, which was an AA class mana beast, should've been something I could've beaten myself fairly easily." There was no trace of boasting or overconfidence in her tone. It was just a fact to her.
"The Hades Serpent, which was known for the blue fire spouting along its long spine, looked different. At first, we were confused because it didn't look like it had any flames at all, but when we looked closer, the reason we couldn't see the flames against the black walls of the cave was because the flames themselves were black.
"It looked like thick smoke flickering wildly along the spine of the hundred-foot serpent. That particular Hades Serpent also had a black horn jutting out of its forehead while its scales, which were recorded as being a matte grey color, were a sleek black…" Taking a deep breath, I noticed Alea shivering.
"The fight was gruesome. I lost five of my men to that Hades Serpent. The fight took several hours but I was able to kill it. When we tried to retrieve the beast core though, it wasn't there." She broke into another fit of coughs so I ran toward the pond and soaked what was left of my uniform inside. After rinsing it, I allowed the fabric to absorb as much water as it could before walking back to Alea.
"Open your mouth," I instructed.
She hesitated for a moment but she eventually did as she was told. As I gently squeezed my soaked uniform over her mouth, the water trickled into her mouth.
She let out a small yelp in surprise at the cold liquid but soon after, began fiercely gulping down the water. She whispered a small thank you before continuing on with her story.
"Although we were tempted to go back to the surface, we hadn't managed to figure anything out, so we started searching for clues inside. One of my men used a spell and found that there was a hidden tunnel underneath a thin layer of earth. After crossing the tunnel, we arrived here..." As Alea's voice trembled at her last words, tears mixed with blood streamed down the closed eyelids where her eyes used to be.
"H-He was here…when we reached this cavern. I still remember the way he looked at us. Those scarlet eyes…" After letting out a trembling breath, she continued.
"My team and I… no one knew what that monster was so we did what our instincts told us to do. We raised our weapons…. that was our first mistake. I can still picture it so clearly. His pale gray skin. His face… it was beastly yet, it looked almost...human. He looked at us and smirked, exposing his sharp fangs. What threw us off was when he talked..." Her voice fell into a whisper.
"Mm," I responded, just to let her know I was still there.
"He wasn't even surprised to see us there. Vritra, he… that thing, just looked at us before…"
"Before?" I asked, sitting upright.
"He gave us two options." Tears and blood continued to stream down her once beautiful face as she willed herself to finish.
"He looked straight at me, as if he knew instantly that I was the leader, and told me that he'd let me walk out unharmed if I—"she choked back a sob, her only hand clenched white into a fist, "—if I dismembered each of my teammates, one by one, in front of him."
The ridiculous offer would've infuriated anyone but looking at the state Alea was in right now, I didn't have the confidence to say she had made the right decision. Maybe her teammates would've wanted her to kill them quickly instead of being tortured the way they were.
"What was the other option?" I asked, gently wrapping my hands over her clenched fist.
"He just… scoffed at us and said '…or you can try and fight.'" Her blood-mixed tears stained the torn remains of her clothes as she continued to softly cry.
Unable to find the words to comfort her, I just kept my hands wrapped tightly around her fist. Moments trickled by with only the sound of running water and Alea's silent sobs breaking the deathly silence.
"We didn't… stand a chance," she whispered, hiccuping.
"I hate to make you relive the scene, but I need as much of the details as possible, Alea." I gently stroked her hand to try and calm her.
"He had one horn in the middle of his forehead… that curved backwards sharply." She tried her best to talk calmly.
"One horn?" So there really was more than one horned demon. Was it a clan? A race?
My heart began beating uncontrollably from just imagining a whole race composed of horned demons; just one of them could wipe out one of the six lances and her team.
"Y-Yes. My strongest single point attack only managed to create a small chip in that horn." Alea seemed like she wanted to ask me something but she continued on, her breath getting shorter.
"He… It … Vritra was able to use magic—magic that seemed to defy the common sense of any magic I've ever seen." Alea's lips began to quiver.
"What kind of magic did he use?"
"Metal. Black metal. He was able to instantaneously conjure metal spikes, blades, any sort of weapons from the ground and himself. I don't even know how to describe it properly. It was over too quickly. Half of my team was dead in the first wave of attacks he unleashed with a simple flick of his wrist. When the ones that were still alive attacked him, he didn't even bother to dodge… plates of black metal instantaneously materialized and blocked whatever attack that managed to get near him."
I felt my face tense as I tried to visualize what Vritra's, and possibly the powers his whole race, possessed. It seemed to be conjuring but on a completely different level. The way she described it made it seem more akin to manifestation or even creation of a certain phenomena rather than affecting the mana particles that already existed.
How was that even possible though? Were they capable of just skipping steps in the fundamental laws of magic in this world, or were they simply more knowledgeable and able to do this through a special skill?
My head immediately turned toward Alea at the sound of her coughing. It was worse than before. She coughed up blood.
"Vritra… He left after leaving me like this. I'm not sure if he knew someone was going to come, but the last thing he said before going was his name… and that Dicathen was going to become a warzone…" As blood dribbled down the corner of her mouth, she turned her head toward me.
"This may sound preposterous but can you do me a favor?" Alea let out a faint smile, revealing her teeth, stained with blood.
"Sure, anything." I expected her to leave me with an item or message, perhaps for a loved one back home or maybe to her family.
"... hold me?" she mumbled.
I leaned in closer, only hearing the last part. "Sorry. I didn't quite catch that."
"I always thought that I didn't need anyone… as long as I was strong enough. I never had a family or lover… to depend on… but you know? I-I really don't want to die alone right now…" Alea bit her trembling lower lip. "Can you hold me?"
Without saying a word, I gently wrapped my arms around Alea's fragile neck and waist, leaning her head against my chest.
"I'm scared," she muttered. "I don't want to die…"
I stayed silent, gritting my teeth as I, again, was unable to find the words to comfort her. Softly patting the back of Alea's head, I felt her breathing become weaker and weaker, and moments later—she passed away in my arms
---------------------------------
Hello! Author here :)
This concludes the end of Volume 3 of The Beginning After the End.
I originally planned on just releasing the 1st volume of this novel on here but because of many demands, I chose to extend the release.
Unfortunately, I'm going to have to take a hiatus from posting on here for the time being. I'm not sure when I'll be posting on here again but if you can't wait, you can either continue reading this novel for free on my website (tbatenovel.com) or for the most edited versions, either on Tapas.io or Amazon.
Thank you for showing this novel so much love!


